Can't believed my wife and I pass by this restaurant without knowing until later. We been wanting to try this restaurant out since our friends keep telling us about it.

The line was long, but was very quick. My wife and I both got our own sandwich and its cost 15 something. Sandwiches we got was delicious. It was pretty small for what we paid. 

This restaurant is located next to Plant Hollywood Hotel in Miracle Mall.PROS:
-I'm not a sandwich fan but these were good. 
-OPENS 24/7, yay for all your drunk munchies lol

FOOD 4/5:
-Earl's Club ($6.49): Sandwich with bacon and turkey. I love the sandwich sauce they have in it. The bread is crunchy and delicious.
-Tomato soup (cup/$2.99): Didn't like this. It was very watered down.The original Earl of Sandwich is incredible. I should probably try something else on the menu, but I come here specifically for this one sandwich. Yes, I brave the strip, the corwd at ceasar's just for a sandwich. There are no frills to is. It is just plain old cheddar cheese, Roast beef and horseradish, but it's the WAY they do it. I have tried to recreate it at home and cannot. So It's off to Caesar's once a month for this lunchtime fav. 

As far as the store? It's located in the foodcourt at Caesar's Palace. I detest the strip, really do not like the Casinos (I do not like crowds) and am not a fan of the cafeteria feel of the food court, but again, I can put up with all of those negatives just for a monthly fix. 

Try it, you will like it.The go to place when you're in Vegas and after the drunchies. Not much else to say but COME HERE. The line goes by fairly quickly even though it may look very long. They give you buzzers so you know when your order is ready which makes it efficient.Freaking delicious. The prices here are great considering the location. Highly recommended.Long line but service was quick. Had the Montagu. Sandwich ratios were all on point. Bread was fresh with great texture.  Best value food on money, time, and sodium.I love this place. The full montague, and the caprese sandwiches were to die for (although I would prefer the montague over the caprese sandwich). I also always get the broccoli-cheddar soup - can't go wrong with that!

This spot is also in a very convenient location - central on the strip IN PLANET HOLLYWOOD. Not only that, it's open 24 hours, so whether you're in need of a late night snack, or a hella early breakfast - Earls will not let you down.Holiday turkey is the fave. Never a let down. On white of course. The 1779 with extra horseradish is a close second. Super reasonable prices for Vegas.Was just looking for some cheap quick food that wasn't subway...
This place was awesome. A decent selection of hot sandwiches, breakfast and lunch/dinner choices, some cold wraps and even some fresh salads. You order and get a buzzer and it's self seating. We sat down for just a few minutes and already the buzzer went off pretty quickly. You pick up the food in a bag so it's easy to take with you but we ate there.

I got 'the original' which is roast beef, cheddar and horse radish. It was delicious. A fair amount of all the ingredients and the roast beef was really tasty. The salad seemed very fresh (forgot the name) but had strawberries, blueberries, some almond slivers and something else, and it was a healthy portion with a nice light dressing.

We were both satisfied and it cost about 17.50 which isn't bad for Vegas. I honestly kind of wanted a second sandwich, they aren't as big as I wanted but for the price it's fair. Far better than subway in quality and freshness of ingredients, however I don't think you can customize your toppings. This isn't meant to be a healthy sub.This place is a chain and is always consistent for me. I know exactly what to expect and I get what I came for. The toasted sandwiches are my favorite.Ate here for the first time last weekend after hearing only good things about it, and I was not disappointed at all! 
Because we were staying right next to PH, we ate here a couple of times throughout the weekend. I tried the tuna melt, chicken avocado bacon sandwich, and the chicken avocado bacon wrap. 
Would highly recommend eating here and trying this entrees! 
Price is not bad at all, either.On my list every single time I visit Las Vegas.  The sandwiches are absolutely delicious, with the softest, most amazing bread.  And the house sauce is out of this world.  My favorite, go-to sandwich is the club, though everything that I've had there is amazing.  It's also very reasonably priced for Vegas.  A must-visit!Sandwich Full Montagu is delicious. Greek salad is the best. Soup of the day is good value for its money:) recommendI get chipotle chicken avocado sandwich as a toasted wrap, the bbq chicken flatbread and tomato or broccoli cheddar soup. YUM!!
Just delicious. Quick and easy, great snacks and selection. Love!Every time I've went to Vegas, I always end up here for a quick bite if needed, can't go wrong with a hot and meaty sandwich for only ~$8!YUM! YUM! YUM! Earls is a must have whenever in Vegas! The lines can get a little long, but the sandwiches are worth it. I used to always get the earl's club, but recently I switched to the American and have been stuck on it since. The cranberries create a little sweetness that complements the turkey very well. It's delicious! I've also tried the chicken tortilla soup...not too shabby, but I definitely prefer some crunchy tortilla strips in the soup as most places that serve chicken tortilla soup typically have. 

The service is great. The employees are friendly and are patient if you need some time to order or if you need a suggestion.

Review 18/100 for 2016This place was recommend by a friend. The sandwich was so good! We came back again to get 2nd because we liked it. I liked that the bread wasn't thin but wasn't so thick and it wasn't hard either.

I had the Italian and the one with avocado... regardless, it is good! Got to try and you won't regret it!

The one in Planet Hollywood is bigger with more choices. I cannot wait to eat the sandwiches here again!!! Please open it in the Bay Area!!!Saw all the great reviews so I thought I had to come here myself to see and I have to agree with everyone else, this place is great! It's located within the Miracle Mile shops, by the casino.

Ordered the Full Montagu. It was a great tasty melty sandwich. Good size and price for the area. Also had the Tomato Soup, which came with floating croutons. A great meal altogether.They claim they invented the sandwich in 1742, and Google seems to confirm that lol. Their sandwiches are great, I love the Hawaiian BBQ and the Full Montagu awesome!My mom and her boyfriend have been here before. My first time was last night. Hot subs are my favorite so I was excited. I tried the chicken sandwich with bacon and avocado, was delicious! I would highly recommend this place if you like hot subs. It's ten times better then Subway and nasty port of subsPretty good sandwiches. Menu is simple as compared to other places but that made it easier to order. 

I had the full montigue; wife had the buffalo chicken wrap.  Both were good.  I would go back.I really like this stop as a go-to in Vegas when you want something quick, cheap, and filling. I find that most places are sit down with HUGE portions, but honestly, after a night of drinking and dancing, this place always hits the spot. The sandwiches are crispy and oh-so filling. I always make it a point to go here when I visit Vegas. 

It's located in the Planet Hollywood!When in Vegas, Earl's is a must! It's quick, delicious, & cheap. Their sandwiches are bomb dot com. Tuna melt & tomato bisque soup, my all time favorite. 

I've had the Earl's in Midtown, but it's just not the same. Tastes so much better in Vegas. So I highly highly recommend this place. Whether it's for breakfast, lunch, dinner, or because you're drunk and need a snack. 

Believe me when I say you won't be disappointed!Not the best sandwiches I've ever had, but they were still good, especially when you eat them right when they are made. My favorites were the Holiday Turkey and All American...basically anything that has Cranberry sauce in it! Of course, you can't go wrong with the other sandwiches as well. 
The sandwiches are small; You can probably finish one yourself, but they're packed full of stuff.I never get tuna sandwiches but for some reason I was craving it and I ordered the Tuna melt here and it was soooo delicious!! Would absolutely recommend!Fantastic sandwiches! We come here for a quick bite every time we're in Vegas! Prices are decent. Good variety. Friendly staff.I normally wouldn't go out of my way to eat sandwiches, but this was a great option for a filling meal in an area where under $10 meals are hard to come by. I ordered the chipotle chicken avocado sandwich, which is usually my go-to at sandwich establishments. This one definitely stood out to me from all of the other chipotle chicken sandwiches that I have consumed in my lifetime - it was fresh, flavorful, and served on a deliciously toasted bread. Although the line was long, it moved really quickly and I received my sandwich within minutes of ordering. I will definitely be back again the next time that I am in the area!A chain sandwich place that's touted in every Vegas guidebook and boasts 4.5 stars on Yelp?  Obviously, I had to try it.  Lo and behold, it's a sandwich.  A very tasty sandwich, but a sandwich nonetheless.  It didn't do magic tricks, light up when I touched it, or change my life.  Still, I was reasonably impressed, especially with the efficiency and politeness of the staff.  It also has a nice seating area in the corner of the Planet Hollywood Casino.  

I had the avocado chicken sub.  It was really good-- kind of like a glorified subway sandwich, with slightly better taste and better quality ingredients.  The chicken still kind of had that rubbery, cheap texture to it, but it was still better than at most sandwich places like this i.e. edible.  The chipotle sauce on the sub was delicious.  I also had pasta salad, a cookie, and a soda.  The pasta salad was good, but nothing special.  Loved the cookie!  All of this food was for under $15 and I didn't even finish it all.  Definitely one of the best meals you can get in Vegas for an affordable price, but that's about it.  Don't expect miracles, but your wallet and your belly will still thank you.Amazing sandwiches at great pricing! All the sandwiches choices are great. I personally like the Thai wrap which is different but delicious . Pricing is range from $5-$8 very reasonable . Also they opened 24/7! Check them out !This is a review from someone who never pays for sandwiches, why you might ask? Because yours truly makes the most incredible sandwiches ever, I'm almost never satisfied with any sandwich I pay for, unless it's a gyro or shawerma made by a true pro! BUT seeing all the thousands of reviews here, I had to give it a try, the holiday turkey was pretty creative and good, I expected roasted turkey but it was deli slices, I asked for double meat and I feel like I didn't get it, mac and cheese was the perfect side dish, the free cookie you get with the drink was OUT OF THIS WORLD good, I think it was a basic sugar cookie but man it hit the spot! So buttery and chewy, I'd go back just for the cookie really, everything else was fine.Uh... the perfect sandwich? Need anyone say more?

But seriously I come here everytime I'm in Vegas and it never disappoints. The Chipotle Chicken Avocado is our favorite and I can't live without it. Sometimes I get two, to eat in one sitting, or to save for later (you can never go wrong with ordering 2 sandwiches).

There are crazy lines during peak hours and YES the sandwich sizes have gotten smaller and smaller and prices have gone up so minus a star for that in hopes that one day the sandwiches may go back to the size they used to be :,(

Also wraps are tasty too but avoid the salad!! It's just an average, lame salad haha.Great options at reasonable prices!

I wanted a simple breakfast at Vegas and found Earl of Sandwich through a Yelp search. The restaurant is located at Planet Hollywood hotel and is open 24 hours.

The menu is pretty extensive experience with different options of sandwiches, wraps and salads. I ordered the veggie omelette and it came with a huge omelette with hash browns and bread on the side. The breakfast cost $7.99 and it is very economical considering it is Vegas. 

Overall, a great place to grab healthy and inexpensive meal!I come to Earls every time I go to Vegas. This review is long overdue! I look forward to seeing a sandwich wrapped in that beautiful gold wrapper. My go to sandwich would be the tuna melt. The simplicity of it makes it a really enjoyable sandwich. Every sandwich I order from earls is made with such soft and good quality bread. The top is crisp and crunchy while the inside is soft and fluffy. 

For their baked goods I've had the brownie and sugar cookie. I like them because they are soft and not overly sweetened. The brownie has mini chocolate chips in it giving it multiple textures. 

In short, if you haven't gone to earls go to earls. There's something for your whole group to eat.Ate here twice in one weekend- got the italian. Quick and good food. Definitely recommend but remember to add on the toppings you want!Hands down the best hot sandwich I have ever had! I wish they had a location somewhere on the east coast! The next time I come to Vegas, this is going to be the first place where I shall be stopping for a quick bite!They're open 24 hours inside the Planet Hollywood Casino and this is the original, first branch of Earl's Sandwhich so you're getting the real deal. They're really famous now and have spread all the way to Disneyland in Anaheim, and several other locations. 

The pricing is buck-cheap compared to the rest of the Vegas food, it is wholesome and portions are just right. 

Although this location is smaller in size than the one at Disneyland, I really like how quick and convenient it is. 

I suggest you try out their sandwhiches of course, like the famous hawaiian sandwhich but if you're feeling in the mood to be healthy then their wraps are amazing. I seriously didn't know cold wraps could be so flavorful and filling. I suggest the bacon chicken avo wrap, it's the perfect blend of sweet flavors with savory.I highly recommend the Holiday Turkey Sandwich! My girlfriend got the Chipotle Chicken Avocado, it was good, but not as good as the Holiday Turkey.DIJON...DIJON....DIJONNNNN.... Those are the infamous words used by a buzzed party goer at Vegas... This place is a marvel of Planet Hollywood. The sandwiches are synthesized with perfection.  Every flavor clings to your tongue especially during the hangover stages.  Inexpensive, but the line do get long.  This will be the "original" location of Earl for me...

Food: 5
Service: 5
Ambiance: 5
Price: 5

Overall: 5EARL OF SANDWICH. Honestly, this might just be one of my favorite sandwich places of ALL time. It is cheap, DELICIOUS, and open 24 hours. Every time I have gone, I have gotten lucky because lines were not too crazy, but regardless, the lines tend to move fairly quickly. I would highly recommend eating here!! It is not a fancy sit down place, but in my opinion, the food is better than most sit down places I have been to.

The sandwiches are warm and so flavorful. They seem so simple, but this is a go to for me every time I come to Vegas! My wife loooves the veggie and the caprese sandwich and claims it might be better than Ike's. I think I have tried a handful of them (chipotle chicken avacado, avocado BLT, Earl's Club) and have never been disappointed with any of them.

Ultimately, it is easy to find, cheap and delicious! I would recommend it to any and all friends that are visiting and need a cheap meal, or just craving a good sandwich.Great place to go for breakfast/lunch/dinner whatever- it's open all day all night. My go to is the Tuna melt or The original . Sandwich, chips and drink for less than $10. 
Staff are pretty nice tooFriendly staff, cheap price, yummy food, quick service, made on front of you, always open. This place is perfect. Defiantly need to try this place if you're in vegasSo good! We ordered the chicken avocado sandwich and it was so good. Great flavor combo and the bread was so fresh. It was quite pricey thoughEarl of Sandwich is one of my favorite sandwich places. I have had better overall sandwiches, but Earl's is cheap, quick and tasty. 
The first time I had one was in Walt Disney World on my friend's recommendation. I was not disappointed!
Whenever I'm in Vegas and I'm just looking for something quick to eat at lunch before stuffing myself at the buffet for dinner, I'll always think Earl of Sandwich.
The line at this location can get long at times, but it goes by pretty quickly. It's located right across from sportsbook inside the PH.
My go-to sandwiches are the Holiday Turkey and The Original 1762.
I've had the Full Montague as well, but it didn't really stand out for me. Wasn't bad, but just didn't feel like this was one of their specialties.
If you're going to try Earl's for the first time, start with The Original. If you're hooked, start working your way down the list.
Include a drink, and your total should still be under $10.

Make sure to eat the sandwich while it's still piping hot. You would be ruining the experience otherwise.One of the places I have to stop at every time I come to Vegas is Earl of Sandwich.

Not only do I have to come here, but I always have to order the Holiday Turkey Sandwich. Inside the sandwich comes the turkey, cranberry, stuffing, and on wheat bread. It never ceases to fail me especially when I am drunk.No doubt on the flavor explosion in this place. My wife had the avocado chipotle sandwich, me my Italian delight.

OMG they were awesome, even the tortilla soup I ordered to go with it made it perfect.

We will be back Arnold would sayThere's always a line, but the line goes by really quickly. Place is usually packed! On my trip to Vegas, I ended up coming here a total of 3 times within 5 days. Their Sandwiches and Wraps are amazing! My favorites are the Chicken Chipotle and the Holiday sandwiches. Absolutely delicious. I'll definitely be coming back the next time I'm in Vegas!Shame on me for not writing a review for this best sandwich place ever!
To be more specific, their original, roast beef sandwich is the thing to get here. 

First, you order and then you move to next register to pay. They give you one of those buzzer thing when your food is ready. They're really efficient. It's a sandwich production. There's a whole bunch of people working behind the scene.

But really, their roast beef sandwich is to die for. The buns are toasty, roast beef is soft and juicy with mustard like sauce. Don't expect an array of veggies because it only comes tomatoes unless you order something else.Quite good casino food but very crowded. Their season flavor is awesome!Always come back here to the location at PLANET HOLLYWOOD in Las Vegas.  Love their tuna melt sandwich my favorite.  I have probably made it a point to at least get 1 sandwich here everytime I visit Vegas.  Never disappoints. Price is fair, service is somewhat quick depending on the line up ... your in and out in no time.Had a Caprese Sandwich on wheat (which was recommended by an employee there) and a side of Mac and Cheese... and my son had a turkey sandwich with all if the Thanksgiving fixings on it... the food was so good. The wait was very short and the staff was extremely pleasant. And the price was perhaps more reasonable than most of the other places on the Vegas strip.One place I wanted to try from looking ahead on Yelp was Earl of Sandwich. A place so highly reviewed was one I didn't want to miss. Earl of Sandwich is located inside the Planet Hollywood/Miracle Mile Shopping Center connected to Planet Hollywood Casino. We passed by many times over our couple of days in Las Vegas and it was always packed with a huge line. We had to wait in line for probably 15 minutes to order, and then a few more minutes for the sandwich to be made. 

We ended up splitting a Chipotle Chicken Avocado Sandwich. The sandwich was delicious and had a heck of a kick with the spice in the Chipotle sauce. It will clear your sinuses, for sure. 

The prices were about the most reasonable we found during our entire trip. The restaurant was clean and the staff were friendly. The menu isn't huge, but everything sounded good. We had a hard time deciding. You should check this place out if you want a great sandwich at a great price. Just be prepared to wait for it.As promised by other Yelpers, this place rocks. Great sandwiches, soups and salads served fast. Prices are Vegas-strip level, so don't think you will get by for $8.00.This is a truly great hot sandwich but I'm kinda bummed they don't have a meatball option ...