Earls is mediocre at best. I don't understand the high rating at all. I ordered the Italian and the bread was to toasted to the point it was hard. Small size for the amount you pay for. I probably would not suggest to eat here.Tiny, fishy tasting tuna melt. I know fish can smell fishy, but this was drowned in mayo or something and it smelled like the ocean. The tomato soup was mediocre. The lemonade earl grey was alright. I liked the bbq chips.I have to say it is a good deal if you are in Vegas since most of the restaurants are super expensive. However, their sandwiches are really fat and not that tasty. You are definitely getting what you are paying for, and it is nothing more than a fast food to me. I guess I would rather go to Mac Donalds or in and out.Your 20 something employee didn't know what a Reuben was. Fail.   Igggghhhhhhh.  Seriously how dense is someone at a sandwich shop that they don't know what. Reuben is.    Stupid young ensEhhhh. I don't see what all the hype is about this place. My friends said it was a great place to eat at, so the husband and I went to check it out since it was our second time in Las Vegas. 
Let me say it is very easy to walk right past this place because it's in a little nook near the casino and the Miracle Mall. 
There was a little bit of a line but it went by quickly. The worker who took my order was incredibly rude. I've never been there before and asked a question about the spreads and she snapped at me. When done with my order she shoved the buzzer in my hand....like sheesh calm down. When my husband picked up the sandwiches I laughed. I paid over $15 for two small sandwiches. My sandwich had barely any meat. I must admit it was tasty but not very filling at all.
Also I understand workers got to be near by for their breaks/lunches, but two lady workers were sitting gossiping (swearing up a storm) well over 45 minutes. Made it kind of awkward and gives a bad image to the sandwich shop. 

Oh well. At least I can say I ate here : /I think everyone that came here was drunk because it isn't very good. Tried the Jerk Chicken sandwich and it didn't taste anything like jerk chicken, just some chicken in what seemed to be a cream sauce. Not as good as everyone says.I did not like the food. I ordered the chipotle avo sandwich and it tasted like BQQ. My friend ordered the Mozzarella sandwich and I did not like it either. I wouldn't go back but that is just my humble opinion.I really don't get what the big deal is about this place. I had the holiday sandwich. Good concept, but they use salty deli turkey instead of real turkey off the bone. I was less than impressed. I probably will not be back.Not as good as day one. Too many mistakes on orders. Need to bring back meatball sandwich. The soup is so small but charge for bowl.This is the absolute deceive promotion that how the f Earl of sandwich became the world greatest hot sandwich? It taste totally ordinary, and even my grandmother can make a better one.Hot coffee was cold. It was 6pm so there is really no excuse. 5am and coffee is cold I can understand. 


Ordered a sandwich, and a soda was was $2.99 more. 

A meal is a sandwich, and for $2.99 more, makes it a meal with chips and a drink. HOW ABOUT YOU TELL ME I GET CHIPS TOO FOOL. To get back at them I came back for days and refilled coffee and soda. 
Assholes.Not so good as the reviews were.. Staff gave the wrong food and in our group everybody had stomach ache..So so. Looking for vegetarian options and found one available. Flavor is good but the bread was a little tough and flavorless.Not worth the wait and the flavor wasn't great! We tried this place because of such great reviews and ratings, however, it was a disappointment. The sandwiches were not outstanding. I guess it is coz we come from SF Bay Area, and there are genuinely nice sandwich spots over there. I would prefer Potbelly sandwich over Earl's anytime any day.I personally think they are way overpriced. Sandwiches are so cheap on the meat.  Not worth the fancy brick packaging.We took our order to go and they messed up our order. We asked and paid for a holiday turkey sandwich and received an italian. What was worse was that the sandwich was labeled as holiday turkey, and it was awfully disappointing to get back to our hotel, open the wrapper and find the wrong sandwich. It's heartbreaking too because we love Earl of Sandwich. We just won't return to this location ever.They lost me forever. Ordered a chicken avocado with no bacon. Got home, there was bacon. Trashed it. The restaurant states I have to deal with corporate for refund in form of coupon. 

I say not really. I will file a lawsuit and seek not only damages, refund but a change in policy. Never heard this from fast foods in USA.Hmmm maybe the reviews are great since it's open 24hrs & most may be tried or drunk... then sure this place is good?

Prices are reasonable for a 24hr spot that's central to the strip. But that's all I found enjoyable.

We tried:

BLT - was good but nothing above average.

Chipotle chicken avocado sandwich - I was so excited to try this but was hugely disappointed.  There wasn't much of a chipotle taste & there wasn't enough chicken (just enough right in the middle where sliced in half but nothing elsewhere in the sandwich). Basically melted cheese, hard avocado slices (not fully ripe) & pieces of chicken here & there. Not impressed at all.

Spicy tuna wrap - ummm where was the spice? Not even a hint of spice. The tuna mixture was watery & tuna was very pasty/dry. There were banana peppers & olives but that just made the wrap really tangy & vinegar tasting. 

If you're really hungry in vegas & everything's closed then this may do the trick. Otherwise don't waste your time. Still confused by the hype & line up for this place...Average sandwiches. Had the Hawaiian BBQ and hubby had the chicken wrap. Not impressive at all. Save your coins and go elsewhere.Not really sure how vegetarians go nuts for this spot. Visited twice. Had to have my order remade twice. I'm not sure what the hype is, quality isn't that great either.Earl of Sandwich definitely leaves a little something to be desired. 

I ordered the Holiday Turkey and I was expected much more turkey and maybe some stuffing that was not just goopy. I also ordered the broccoli and cheddar soup and it is definitely lacking in flavor. 

The service wasn't too great, but I didn't even factor that into this review, because it really isn't necessary. I would skip this in Vegas next time, unless you're super desperate and aren't use to good flavors...Had chipotle chicken sandwhich, hands down a SOLID 2. Nothing spectacular don't understand the high reviews? Possibly bought? Also had the broccoli cheddar and tortilla soup......it was JUST OK NO MORE THAN A 2! Not worth the wait. Also way too expensive for these basic sandwichesCustomer service horrible. The receptionist hung up the phone on me when I was asking for directions. Sandwich is whatevs