When it first opened, this place was beyond amazing with quality, food, service, and gourmet items. Throughout the years has gone down considerably, but has remained extremely overpriced for a buffet. As a positive the service and ambience was excellent.We chose this venue b/c of the number of food reviews but we came away unimpressed. 

Went with the family on a Saturday evening at around 6:30pm and the wait was around 40 minutes. The service was slow and well below what one would expect after paying over $50 per person. For example no one gave us napkins and silverware and when we asked the worker said that they'll come soon even though he had place settings in his hands and was making up an empty table. 

Their pasta bar is basically what you'd get on a cruise ship- at least you get to choose the ingredients. The lamb chops which looked delicious in photos and in person were bland and very fatty. The pork ribs had a decent spice rub- I felt that was the best meat dish although my mother-in-law felt it was too peppery. Keep in mind the lines are quite long for the meat and seafood sections and once you've made it to the front the workers give very small portions. 

I heard some of the chefs in the Chinese food area speaking Cantonese so had high hopes for those dishes but they too were bland and uninspired. The har gow (shrimp dumplings) skin was super-thick rendering it inedible. 

The desserts were just OK as well. The worst was their green tea gelato which had a strong mint flavor to it... who puts mint in green tea?? Yuck! 

Save yourself some $$ and spend the evening at a dine-in full service restaurant rather than this overpriced buffet. Overall it's a 2.5 star experience.Don't be fooled by the ratings.  Most of the food is mediocre.  The beef ribs were flavorless and lukewarm at best.  The nigiris were dry and rice crumbling even with a tap of your chopstick.  I didn't expect world class sushi, but I expected better than sushi from TI or The Mirage buffets.  Especially after paying $40 a head.  Overall, the hot food is on par with a buffet that is half the price.  On the plus side, the desserts were pretty good and the juices were fresh squeezed - cucumber, carrot, watermelon, orange.  Considering the high price, mediocre hot food, pretty good desserts, and really nice juices, overall 2- stars.Holiday dinner 63.99pp. 12/18 7pm. Never again not even close to up to hype. Literally only a FEW things worth eating exactly NOT what bacchanal was supposed to be. Hyped it up to my girl so much. Was supposed to be the highlight of our 4 day vegas trip we made for food during the off season when vegas isn't packed. Actually ended up being the worst day of the trip. 
I read that diamond members complaint from a day or two ago on yelp and was hoping he was just a rich ass but no. Spent my hard earned money waited in line like the regular people and was SEVERLY let down. SAVE your MONEY. So much better food for FAR less money. Girlfriend got full on food poisoning to top it off. puking since midnight. This is a 4am post. I'm pissed and this is going to be a long one.
Probably from the cheap sushi they put out. Only thing she ate i didnt. I'll start my more detailed food reviews below.

First off you better know your foods very well because the labels are practically either non existent or in the wrong place. 

Carving station/ expensive proteins-
Beef ribs super salty and dry. Same with the supposedly holiday special suckling roast pig which was cold i thought the skin was supposed to be crispy? Prime rib bland and still chewy even though I got a medium rare piece. Beef brisket took 1 bite had to spit it out. Couldn't chew it. Only thing at carving station worth eating was the lamb chops. Which actually was good. Would have went back for seconds if it wasn't emptied out everytime I tried to get in line. 

Seafood- always an annoying line. Crab cakes only thing thats good there. Don't know what people find so appealing about cold crab. They have them steamed also but honestly tastes like they take the cold crab from night before and just heat it up. Super salty. 

Since  all the "high ends" you pay for was a huge let down I started on the more carb heavy stuff really early. You would think they would get right to fill people up right? Wrong.
Sliders were overcooked to oblivion and COLD. Apparently their heat lamps were broken today? Cuz we got a lot of cold food. Dim sum was eh. Had better tasting frozen dumplings.  Tried to get Ramen at 730 got "broth is not ready yet" .... really? It's peak dinner time wtf... ok. Resort to desserts super early which is pretty hard to go wrong so that at least was a plus. Strawberry mousse thing was amazing i would try to say what it was only if they had anything labeled properly. Ran out of strawberry Gelato at 8pm. I got like the last scraps out of the tin.If they had more they didn't offer me a fresh batch which is even worse. I mean desserts were desserts I usually don't even get there in buffets since I just fill up on protein but yea....ended up stuffing myself with 1 bite of almost every dessert they had to quail my misery. Most were pretty good but was expecting to be blown away with all the hype so yea. Epic fail. I could probably keep going but suns almost up. I fell for the hype train but if your on your way and happen to read through this. Jump off the train!!!! 

Some recommendations to try to save some people. 
If you need to buffet. We tried wynn buffet on our trip last year which imo was wayyy better. But I doubt we will be doing any more vegas buffets unless its a 2 for 1. the option of variety is nice but just isn't worth it if not even bacchanal can get the quality part down wit the absurd costs. Just try to pick what you want and go get the best.

Highlights of the trip-  
those guys pies off the strip, amazing cheesesteak, pizza not the best I've had but pretty up there and I can pretty much guarantee it's better than bacchanals.
Bruxie if u love fried chicken And waffles. Nashville hot was so good went there twice. 
Gordon ramsay fish and chips. Great moist fish nice light crispy batter. Dirty fries with chorizo was great also. 

I hope this review saves some people some $$$ and from severe disappointment.This place sucks so fucking bad. We are waiting in line for almost one hour. They only let VIP members taking the available sits as soon as possible. My legs are fucking hurt right now and I just want to yell to somebody. I have to pay 60 fucking dollars to experience this shit. Don't do this guys!! Go anywhere else for dinner.The food varieties are good, the place is a bit crowded. but i think the food is not fresh, me and my husband suffered Diarrhea for 2 days.I left this place very disappointed. I always wanted to try buffet in vegas, and based on the reviews on yelp, I decided to try this place. I went for dinner on a saturday night, and only waited for an hr to be seated. Maybe my expectation was too high, but food was not that good. Now with tip, my friend and i paid $70 each. With that and little more, i could've gone to a fancier restaurant and left full and satisfied. People didn't know where to form a line, since the meat section and seafood section were next to each other. People cut in front of me, someone even poured gravy on my plate. There were so many people working there, but nobody bothered to control the place. I ended up eating a piece of prime rib, 2 crab legs, and some noodle. The line for seafood section was so long i gave up and ate noodle, it was very expensive noodle for sure. Will i ever come back? Probably not. Will i recommend this place? No again. The only good thing was the lady walking around to refill drinks, it seemed like she was only one actually working there.Not such a great experience when I was here. Wait staff cleared plates while we were still eating and ignored us while bringing drinks to other guests. If I ever go back the review may be altered to reflect a better or worse experience depending. So far I don't see a reason to go back.This review is only for the pricing of this buffet.. I came to this buffet at around 3:30 pm thinking that there will be no waiting since nobody really eats dinner at 3:30.  Little kiosk says there is wait time of two and half hours and we can pay extra $35/person to skip the wait time.. this really bothers me.  First of all, place wasn't busy at all.  It literally seems like they want to over charge ppl.  $55 and some change per person for buffet is already expensive compare to other places and yet you guys want to charge another $35??? Total of $90 per person?? Not worth the money.. caesar's palace is going little too crazy with this buffet pricing.  I seen many ppl complaint about this pricing and gentlemen who was standing in front with tablet on his hand had this attitude showing too bad if you can't afford it.   It's not the matter of if I can afford it or not.. I won't just give free $35 to already rich owners of this property!For the price it's truly a ripoff. I came back since I really enjoyed the buffet 3 years ago but I was curious as to why they had a groupon for this and now I get why
 The food quality is gone down terribly. A lot of dishes where very salty and overcooked. We waited in line for almost 2 hours to be rushed to eat. I won't come back not for $118 for 2 it's not with itSo this place is the buffet in Caesars palace. I went for the weekend of Christmas. Now my main gripe with this place is it's terribly organized until you sit down. You "register" by putting a name and number in and it gives you a ticket saying come back (in 3 hours) at a certain time and check in. When you come back and check in you are simply put into yet another line and made to wait another 1.5 hours. What is the point of registering and giving your number? Would it be so difficult to send a text saying your table will be ready in 30 minutes(approx) please arrive no more than 15 minutes before said time. I didn't come to Vegas to wait in lines all day. The food was good, but king crab was on the menu, and I saw some "platinum and 7 stars" eating it, but we were relegated to the less expensive snow crab. This place could be amazing if they fix the wait issue. Even the staff thinks it's dumb. Get it together CAESARS!The Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace was a big disappointment, especially with a 4-star Yelp review.  We got to the buffet at 6 pm to put our names in, which the hostess wouldn't allow.  We had to either wait in line for 30 minutes or come back and try our luck in an hour and boy what a difference that hour made.  We came back in an hour and were treated to a 2-hour wait in line.  No problem there.  We took the risk, but when we attempted to use the self-service machine to put our names in, the hostess promptly took the printout from us and ripped it up saying we had to wait in line.  This strategy is baffling for a casino, why would you want people to wait two hours in line when they could be on the floor gambling?

We finally got seated in the very back of the restaurant by the Asian food.  The seats that are against the wall are very cold as the AC is funneled along the back wall, so be sure you bring a sweater or wrap.  Our server was prompted and cleared out our plates as soon as we were done.  

The food was very disappointing.  The king crab legs and stone crab legs tasted like they were frozen and the texture was grainy with no flavor.  The mussles and oysters also had a mealy texture.  The only seafood that was decent had some kind of sauce to cover up the bland taste.  The dim sum was straight up inedible.  

The sushi, the meat and cheese section, and the dessert were the best sections in the buffet.  While these sections were the saving grace of the buffet, they did not make the price of admission worth the trip.  If you're looking for value, go to one of the fine dining restaurant than this disastrous buffet.Terrible ! No much choices, bad quality of food, the oysters taste nothing. Only 3 types of sushi. Lines are so long, we waited 1 hour then line again inside of the buffet. Don't waste your time and money !!I been in Vegas several times and never tried their famous world buffet. So this was the time! I was so disappointed! Over priced for what you get. Over rated as well 
I love food, I love good food and this is something which is very far from "good" 
Crab legs suppose to be KING CRAB LEGS but there is mixed one with snow crab legs and few pieces of king. Not tasty at all. 

The photographer took our picture, and never showed up only when we asked for it on the end of our dinner. Table next to us which came at the same time get their pics right the way. 

Our server was really sweet 

Anyway won't be back.Another highly rated buffet, another letdown. 

The wait to get in this place is obnoxious. We tried to go last year and the wait was 2-3 hours long. This year, we called ahead of time and were quoted a 45 minute wait. Upon arrival, we put our name into the system and then had to wait 15 minutes for the "okay" to be added to the list. We then waited about 45 minutes to be "accepted" into the line to pay. Once we entered the pay line, it was another 45 minute wait. So, I'm not sure how we were quoted a 45 minute wait time... yeah, maybe 45 minutes for each "line". Overall, about 2 hours of waiting. Not worth it. 

For $54, I am expecting a grand buffet. This was nowhere near that. The prime rib was wayyy undercooked, to the point that there were pools of blood on my plate. The lamb chops were wayyyy overcooked. The butter station was constantly empty and they give you little ghetto plastic cups for your butter. I went on a wild goose chase to find horseradish for my prime rib. ONE person running the meat station, as opposed to Bellagio Buffet where they have a separate person for each cut of meat. The shrimp had a really stinky smell and I kept getting little slivers of shell in my crab meat. Just no. 

Honestly, the highlight of my meal was the gelato station. Strawberry Balsamic, Salted Vanilla, and Nutella Coffee gelato were pretty darn good. It's sad that this was the best part of my $54 meal. I'll be going back to Bellagio Buffet next time.Long line!! Topped up 25 bucks total for one person for so called express line but not so express at all still kept us waiting. Food was okay nothing special.Had the service been even remotely acceptable, I would have comfortably rated Bacchanal 4 stars. 

My SO and I have made it a point to try all of the high-end strip buffets since moving to Las Vegas two years ago and Bacchanal was the final stop on our list. 

As far as the food quality is concerned, Bacchanal is right up there with the other top contenders like the Wicked Spoon. In fact, the seafood and Asian selections are probably the best I've had at any buffet. The carving station, Mexican, American, and Italian food were all solid as well, though not exceptional. The dessert offerings were also above average quality, the Gelato and French Macarons were particularly delicious.

That being said, I will most likely not be visiting Bacchanal again because the service was absolutely deplorable. After the host grabbed three separate parties from the secondary line to be seated, we were forced to run and weave between tables to keep up with her and find our seats after we made stops to have the other two parties seated first, of course. We were sat and told to begin eating when we were ready and that our server would be by shortly. Our server did not show up for a FULL half hour after we had been seated to finally ask what we would like to drink. He brought our drinks out soon after and that was the last we saw of him for an hour. Not only that, but we were forced to go take fresh napkin and utensil sets from another open table as we were never given any nor were we able to flag down anyone to help us. Our plates were removed from the table exactly one (1) time in the almost two hours that we were at the restaurant, so we had to take matters into our own hands and take our finished plates to other empty tables in order to clear our own. 

When you're paying $65 per person plus tip for dinner, service like this is absolutely unacceptable. We've gotten infinitely finer service at the Cannery buffet where breakfast for 2 runs about 12 dollars with the club card. While the food was fantastic, the quality of service was nowhere near where it should be for a restaurant of this caliber and the great food was not enough to overcome the horrendous service. We'll take our money to Wicked Spoon or even the Studio B Buffet at the M Resort next time we're in the mood to splurge on an upscale buffetAvoid this. Phenomenally overpriced. The soup is tepid. The antipasto is boring. Nothing leaps out. What a disappointment.Unfortunately, I cannot get a refund (and, it would be huge)!!! The crab meat was soggy, like frozen carrots after they thaw. The shrimp had a strange texture and didn't taste like shrimp. The crepes were way too thick, but the only dessert I liked other than a little concoction that came in a plastic bubble with the top cut off (I don't remember the name of the dessert). The Calif roll sushi had too much crab and not enough veggies. Our waiter was nice enough but took two plates I was wanting to keep. I have no idea how to let him know I wasn't done with them. Nothing was memorable. Would I do it again...NO!If I could give this place ZERO star that what I would of given.

We tried the buffet at the wynn on our last trip to Vegas and wanted to try a different place. We heard the Ceasar palace buffet was best in town. 

It DIDNT even come close to the hype. Half of the items that they advertise were not even on the buffet line when we got there.

The buffet cost $80 per person x 2= $160  for dinner. 
The crab legs were half cold and half warm. They must of not submerge the legs all the way in the pot. Also, they advertise king crab legs but when you ask for some. It mix in both snow crabs and king crab. My plate was mostly snow crabs and 2 tiny pieces king crab. You have to hand them your plate and the cook will give you what he wants to or feel like it. The other items were mediocre. Jonah crabs tasted bad. Trust me I ate a lot of Jonah crabs in my life. But the one they served had a funky smell to it. 

Servers were also not tentative. Our waiter was constantly arguing with two other waiters. They were fighting over who stole who tables. 

Overall, we will not be back. Save the your money!This places KIOSK is not serving its purpose. I heard from the review here that it now has KIOSK so I had higher hopes that we don't have to wait in line as there are thousands of other things I can do at VEGAS than standing in a stupid line.

What they did to us is that we got a ticket around 2:30 pm. Ticket saids our turn was 8:30 pm. We thought its long wait but that's ok we'd come back for it for amazing meal.

Only to find out that when we come back on 8:20 WE GET TO WAIT IN ANOTHER LINE THAT GOES ON FOR ANOTHER 3 HOURS. What exactly is the point of the KIOSK if it doesn't serve its purpose?Disappointed to say the least...
We have been looking all day to go to a buffet in Vegas.. searched through yelp and google.. ended up here.. payed over $100 for my husband and I .. food was very mediocre .. we had better food at Chinese buffet.. even tho food looks really good, it tastes disgusting.. even pretty desert tastes really bad.. overall my husband got full on crab legs.. I had some sushi and salad..everything else we tried was dry and tasteless .. will never be backWould not recommend. You can get this food at any buffet for much cheaper. The only thing that was good was the steak. That's it.The lines are too long and they manage the lines horribly. There are 5 different lines. Two lines for VIP and seven star?!. 3 lines are divided into 1 or 2 people, 3-5 people and more than 5 people groups. We've been waiting for two hours since we were party of two. People who were behind us with other group of lines were even much faster. I guess they have fewer number of tables for 1 or two people. I think this is terrible management and unfair.. I do not recommend this restaurant.The food is good 
And
The service sucks!!!!

Management:
-Please work on the front of the house-

It's like pulling teeth to get to take your plates and refill your drinks.

So much potential.Worse buffet I ever had in Vegas. Got so hype up because the high review on Yelp. super disappointed!Place is not worth the price of $63. False advertisement online. Lobster is not included with the buffet. Also, they mostly serve snow crab, hardly had any king crab legs. The majority of the food was lukewarm and didn't have much flavor. Rio hotel had a much better buffet for a cheaper price.It was bad experience, food was awful, very salty and very pricey. 62$ per person not worth it. So I give no star to this place  so I would never go backSadly I'll have to give this a 2 star just because I didn't have the best 1st time experience here. My BF and I were seated in a corner and next to where people wait to be seated so it was such an awkward place to seat at just because hungry and some what angry customers look and watch you eat while they wait to be seated. That's not the bad part of the experience, the food was great but they were not the best. The only food that I really enjoyed here is their arugula pizza, shrimp dim sum, chicken and mushroom (Found in the Chinese food section), and their bottomless mimosas. The worst part for me is that I also had stomach pain from eating seafood salad from here...Is it worth $60+ per person for brunch (HELL NO). So much for the best buffet in town, I only enjoyed 3-4 items from out of how many selections lol.. I still think wicked spoon is better (cheaper and their brunch menu is more tastier). Am I ever coming back here? Who knows.. Maybe if I'm forced by friends but if it was my choice probably not.Truly unremarkable buffet food at its best, absolutely disgusting pig slop at its worst. The sushi was good and fresh. The rest of the seafood was nearly inedible. I kept going to the different stations trying to find something that could save the entire experience and came up with nothing. But by far the worst was the chocolate gelato. It tasted like someone dumped dark plain cocoa powder in water and froze it. There was no sugar, dairy, or egg yolk to speak of.Very EXTREMELY disorganized. The food is awesome as I've been here before but the wait and the disorganization does not make it worth it.  Better to make reservations at a delicious steak and seafood restaurant as Vegas has an abundance than stand in line for HOURS on a Thursday night!Our waiter seems to be refusing to serve us. Ive had to ask for water 3 times before he finally brought some over.. never gave us a straw.. had to wait 3 more trips before we got a straw. Worst service ever. Woukd have been better served at a cheap buffet. Save your 100 bucks!I have been coming to the Bacchanal buffet on an annual basis and have raved about it--even though the price was steep.  I had always felt it was worth the value.  That is why I was so disappointed with my dinner last Friday evening at about 5:30 (after checking in before 4.). They called us back and then we had to wait to pay and wait to be seated and we were a party of 2.

It seemed as is the buffet had turned from an out of the ordinary buffet experience to a mediocre one.  First, almost no King crab.  They claim to offer a combination of snow crab and King crab, but mostly you get snow.  This was true at the cold seafood station and at the Italian station.  It wasn't that I got the dregs, I saw the chef transferring the crab from the cold container to heat it up and there was barely a King crab leg in sight.  

On the meat station--where they used to have rack of lamb and prime rib, they served "wagyu" steamship round.  Didn't have any marbling and looked tough.  They did serve individual lamb chops, but mine was tough and not well seasoned.  The sushi was dry (fish was curling up on the nigiri and rice was also dry).  The Chinese items were meh, although the char sir bao was good.  The stir fried crab was not tasty-- saw a lot of uneaten crab on other diners' plates as well.  

On the Italian station, the meatball was good and the truffled gnocchi was good as well.


The only highlight was the truffle mushroom soup, which was truly delicious and reminiscent of the old Bacchanal offerings.  

The dessert bar was good, but seemed to have fewer offerings.  No more soufflés or mochi ice cream :(

Service-- terrible.  Waitress took order,  brought drinks, then disappeared.  No apparent replacement.  Dirty dishes remained.  Dirty dishes everywhere, including our neighbor's table where the dirty stuff was left there for over 1/2 hour.  Unappetizing and unacceptable.

Sad to say, unless this improves, my annual trip to Las Vegas will not include a stop here.Quality really has gone down here. Things sit for a lot longer and become gross. Used to love it here but have been dissapointed 3 times in a row. I might as well stick to the station casinos for this type of quality.I'm the usual here. We came to Vegas twice a year. We always easy here. But in the recent 2 years, the food is getting worse and worse. Specially on the meat station and sweets. Seafood quality is also get worse. I wonder who is in charge now. If I spent $57 a person without counting tax and tip. I expect a lot better food, like when they first started.Bacchanal was incredible when it first opened - everything we ate was top notch and I swore I would never eat at any other Vegas buffet. The quality of food and service during out most recent visit this past Christmas weekend has made it our last. 

After my family and I were seated, we were only given chopsticks and weren't asked if we wanted other utensils. We didn't receive napkins and our server took forever to take our drink order. They also took their time getting plates cleared from our tiny table, and we aren't the types to go hog wild at buffets. To top it off, Caesars tested their loud and annoying emergency evacuation system while we ate. This is ok for a college dining hall, unacceptable for $63 a head.

Prized items like prime rib, crab legs and bone marrow used to be excellent, but now they're too salty for a buffet of this caliber. I recommend sticking with the crab claws, which are less sought after by tourists. Dessert was also exceptional in the past - I had the best chocolate chip cookie of my life here. I was so sad to see it replaced with a lesser cookie.

The Chinese food is the unusual bright spot here. The congee is among the best I've had and includes toppings like pork sung and century egg. We also loved the white cut chicken, and the Peking duck wasn't bad either. 

Bacchanal used to be the best buffet in Vegas, and I don't see any reason to return. Even when the food was excellent, the wait can be as long as four hours and you have to deal with rude, greedy tourists. If you must get your glutton on, I suggest Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan.With such a high rating, we came here with high expectations. However even though there was a great selection of all types of cuisines from Asian, Italian, Mexican, breakfast items, seafood and desserts, but nothing just tasted that great. Quality is still much more important to me than quantity. Their prices are not cheap either at $39.99 per person for a weekday lunch without taxes.Food quality is really poor.  Salmon & tuna sushi were dry out fish jerky.  Rib was ripe your teeth out tough.  Seafood station line was a mile long with the servers plopping stuff out.  On the plus side Truffle soup was good as well as their crepe.  Otherwise everything else is just over priced cafeteria food.  For what they charge, there's no excuse for such poor quality.Don't waste your money! This buffet is so overrated. I asked my Uber driver who has lived in LV all his life & he recommended this. At 2:30 in the afternoon I was starved & it seemed a buffet was in order. I pay almost $50 which was shocking for lunch. I did get a decent sized slice of prime rib & some big ol shrimp but was it great? Meh. Got a biscuit for some carbs & it was so stale it crumbled apart when I tried to butter it. Desserts were mediocre. I really felt like I got ripped off!