Long line, but lots of choices, seafood were fresh, food were tasty, tons of desserts to choses , Icecream was smooth n cream. Best buffet in town. The only down side was long line up, but I think it worth the wait.I loved this place. If you visit Vegas you must come here for an ultimate dining pleasure.So many varieties of food and my favorite crab legs.  Not only were the desserts delicious, but they were very artistic.Soooooo much to choose from! It's pricey but well worth it! I'd pay and go again. Make sure you're hungry because it has a wide variety of food! They had Mexican food, Chinese food, American food, salads, fruits appetizers, sea food. Too many to name. The crepes cooked right in front of you are so good! Loved this place!The majority of the food was great. Seafood wasn't questionable and great selection of everything. Great assistance while at the table eating. Defiantly a new favorite.What can I say but the best, also King Crab Legs Everyday.... but they are stingy with it on the weekdays. I hate how its *hidden* and they give you a whole run around to get it. If not I would of given 5 stars. Shoot should comp me one free meal for all the times I've gone on a weekday and had to talk to multiple people then a manager at times to get my king crab legs.The food is great and the service is good too . The atmosphere s very nice  . Every where look very clean  and food look hot . But the price I think just to high for weekday ! Almost $60 for a person !!This is probably the best buffet on the Las Vegas strip and my rating is really 4.5. They had a really expansive selection of cuisines, including seafood and a great carving station.  Wagyu prime rib was the highlight of my meal here. They also had a really good "Asian" station.  Service and ambiance was also good.  It's a little on the expensive side but I think you get decent value.A lot of the food was really delicious. My favorite was the desserts. The servers were kind and would usually check to see if everything is okay.Outstanding food and SERVICE!!!!  I don't usually like buffets, but the Bacchanal is COMPLETELY different.  The seafood (shrimp, crab legs, oysters) are out of this world.  There is a great assortment of food.  It has the look and feel of a high-end NYC restaurant.Love it. I got the groupon deal when it's 20% off. I paid $70 for two VIP brunch with mimosa. With the VIP, I don't have to wait for a long time. . Dessert was good. I had both hot and cold desserts, plus crepe and icecream. Totally worth it.The best buffet you'll ever go to, and I'm not exaggerating. Make sure to go to the far right because it's easy to miss. They have WARM crab legs and a make your own pho and ramen station. Only negative is that for the $15 all you can drink - you have to choose beer, wine, OR mimosa. You can only pick one. Are you shitting me? 

This is Vegas and for an $80 dinner we should be able to drink whatever our liver desires.Yummy but I wouldn't rate it as "the best" buffet in Vegas. They had excellent king crab legs, sausages, macarons, and cakes, but their prime rib/steak was a bit on the dry side. The lines are excessively long (about a 2 hour wait for dinner on weekends), but we paid $25 each to get in the VIP line (basically cut in front of everyone).I honestly wasn't that impressed until I started eating. The dishes aren't anything out of the ordinary but the ingredients tasted so incredibly fresh. I definitely noticed the difference between this and other buffets. I had made to order pasta, it was a very good sized portion with delicious fresh roasted mushrooms and a very tasty sausage. Even simple things like mashed potatoes and steamed crab legs tasted very fresh. Nothing tasted previously frozen or processed. Some of the baked desserts were served warm, just heavenly...First time here and have been waiting to try this place for a while. Yelp reviews have kind of scared me with the wait so decided to eat an early brunch to make it to an early buffet dinner to avoid a long wait. Got here at 5pm and only waited about 10 minutes before being seated. Finally get to see what the hype is about!!

We actually got a deal to eat here 2 adults for $37. My kids are both under the age limit so they were free. Since it's such a good deal..decided to make our way out here to try this place. Our host actually walked us past most of the food before being seated. I really liked the fact that this particular buffet had chinese food since my kids are SUPER picky. My oldest lovessss xiao long baos and thats what she mainly ate. She got a bit of fries, a bit of sushi and a bit of chicken but mainly had dumplings and lots of xiao long baos since those are her favorites. My youngest daughter...on the other hand is the picky one. I saw they had chow mein so I got her some noodles...they turned out to be a bit spicy. My husband suggested getting fried rice...so after walking over to get fried rice..I noticed they had a noodle station where they make pho, laksa, ramen and I cant recall what the fourth option was but they make it fresh to order for you. My daughter loves pho so i got her a small bowl of that and that was history. My kids aren't big on seafoods and meats so those options for them were enough for them.

My husband and I don't eat much to begin with so the deal for us was a good price since we normally don't eat more then a plate. I know ... I love food but I just cant sit there and eat till I drop!! The lamb was really good but that was probably the only other type of food that stuck out out of everything that was offered. Many of the other options (minus the pho and xiao long baos of course) could be found at paris buffets so I wasn't so pleased with different options at the buffet. Overall the food was really good so I can't complain too much. 

My kids LOVED the dessert table. They liked how they were able to get a cup of gummie bears each, got a few lollipops and got chip pieces of chocolate with a plate of kisses lol. Chocolate heaven for them and lets not forget they also got a few chocolate covered strawberries to add to their chocolate galore lol. I wish their thai tea boba float came in a larger size. I had to go back for it a few times since the portion was so small. I also liked a few of their desserts I thought was different from other buffets like the pandan soba dessert and the jasmine pudding. Not all of it was good but i had enough to be pretty full leaving. I honestly wouldn't pay $50 a person and the deal we got was pretty good for the both of us. If I were to get that amazing price again I would definitely come back. Mainly because I don't eat enough to make it worth $50 a person. 

Yelp Review 2017 Challenge 44/100The Bacchanal Buffet is the best buffet on the Vegas strip. The quality in food simply cannot be beat. Furthermore, they have a large selection to choose from, especially from the Asian cuisine. So, if you're looking for a buffet that has Asian food then this is your place. However, they do offer many other types of food. The only issue with this place is the horrible, horrible, HORRIBLE line.Hands down the best buffet of all time! I love a good seafood buffet but nearly everything we tried was excellent with the exceptions of the baked fish, they were all bland and the oysters, most of which didn't have much meat but here's the list of amazing items we had:
Shrimp (already peeled and huge)
Crab legs (I wish they were bigger but they were tasty)
Freshly made tacos (who makes street tacos at a buffet)
Pork belly
Fried chicken
Pizza
Every dessert
Bloody Mary oyster shooters
Mango margaritas
As locals, we look forward to our next visit!Wow the choices the fun. I really enjoyed my meal at the buffet. I have been trying to get to this buffet for two years and it was worth the wait. Great food and lots of it. I went for brunch with the family it was crowded but the line went quick. It was definitely worth the wait. My favorites were the seafood and the Meats as well as the dessert. Don't miss the gelato which is great. This would have gotten five stars but the service wasn't the best. It felt at times that I was annoying our waitress when I asked for a refill of soda or when I asked her to get my plate.  That was the worst part of my experience.This place had never disappointed me every time I have been here. There is a big selection of food and it  doesn't seem like the food had been sitting under heat lamps all day like other places. I recommend getting your placement ticket early in the day so you can actually make it inside the restaurant by the time you want dinner 6 to 7 pm, otherwise you will be waiting in line forever.Probably the best buffet I can ask for. I came for lunch so it would not be as expensive as dinner. They have a HUGE selection of different kind of food. From seafood to Italian to Chinese to Japanese to Mexican and to French food. Being a buffet, I was surprised at the quality of the food here.Their seafood quality was great and I had to come back for seconds. The meat section was juicy and fresh. Their soup section is always made on the spot so they are always fresh. Their dessert section was extremely diverse and well made to satisfy someone with a sweet tooth such as myself.

Stepping away from the food for a while, the customer service was wonderful! Most waiters and waitresses at buffets leave their customers unattended because they get food on their own. My waitress kept checking in on us and she even offered to exchange our utensils for new and clean ones after mine got dirty from eating. You can definitely expect a good customer service from this place.

The only down side I found was that their selection of Asian cuisine was minimal, but that did not bother me because the star of this buffet was the seafood and meat section.This is the best Buffett in Las Vegas.  Take all of the amazing cooks at the best restaurants in Caesar's Palace and put them in one place and you have Bacchanal!  Yes it was about an hour wait, and that was on a Monday. So make friends in line while your party takes turns walking around. It was pretty pricey $97 for two people. But we pay twice that at great restaurants.   This place was amazing!  The decore beautiful, each station was super clean and polite . I took a trip around the world and ran out of steam before I got  to the seafood.  In Asia I had fresh sushi, dim sum fresh (watched 4little Asian man make everything in the station), duck was amazing.  Cheese grapes fresh honey right off the comb & dried meats capicola, salami, they were all amazing roll up all three take a bite of red grape the eat roll. Flavors that awaken the pallet . Pizza was great. Tacos freshly made by a man from mexi-cali w/freshly made tortillas(we were talking in Spanish and told me he made it himself.) The prime rib was juicy, tender and had great flavor.  Was to full for seafood so went straight to desert. Freshly made crapes delicious , chocolate covered strawberries with pop-rocks. Were my favorite but all the sweets were great!.  Well worth the wait but get there early so u can take your time and go for more!Bacchanal is still one of my favorite Vegas buffets. It is luxurious, expansive, and gluttonous. This past trip with Fanny H., we made it a thing to spend a couple of hours here eating and relaxing after two nights of hard partying in Sin City.

This most recent time- there were a couple of misses, but overall still a fantastic buffet option.

The weekend seafood brunch was $54 with tax. We unintentionally entered around 14:00 so we ended up enjoying the fancier dinner items that came out around 16:00.

Best piece of advice: get down to Caesars early and reserve a spot to wait in line. It can be very busy during peak times, and waits can last as much as 90 minutes. You have to wait to get in line, then wait to pay and be seated. If you have a party of six or more, you'll have to  wait in a separate line. They also snap a photo before you enter, so tell your hungover friends (i.e. me) to smile and not look too much like a hot mess.

Highlights: Prime Rib and Lamb continue to be amazing. Sashimi salad was amazing, and the endless amounts of crab legs.
Meh: Not feeling the laksa, though I appreciate the effort in even making this available.

Unfortunately, service wasn't the greatest this time around. We had to hunt for our first server and we had plated and plates piled on our table that made it difficult to eat. We knew it was busy during brunch, but there were points where we would simply not see our server when we really needed assistance.

Bacchanal is still a legit buffet- definite Top 3 in my Vegas book. So be prepared to wait, but be hungry for a feast for all of your senses.This place is espensive than other buffet I've ever been. I love their oysters it's really fresh, they have variety of food. Most of them are really good but some are kinda salty,the soups are okay,the sushis good and some of the dessert are very sweet but some are good too. So I guess it balance out. I would go again and try this place out when we get back.Went for lunch around 1pm on a Monday. No crazy line! Walked right up to pay and be seated. Amazing menu! My top faves were the beef brisket, jasmine rice pudding and the mango habanero gelato. Decently priced for the quality and variety. I must go for dinner next time I'm in Vegas b/c the crab legs aren't served during the lunch buffet.I've only been to a few of the buffets on the Strip, and I have to say Bacchanal Buffet has some incredible variety. After doing some gambling at Caesar's, we came in a large group for a later dinner. We saw a long line to enter the restaurant, but for some reason, since we had a large group, we were whisked into the restaurant immediately. Don't know what we did, but I'll take it.

The buffet spread is pretty darn long, ranging from seafood, to Mexican, to Italian, to Asian, to other new American specialties, so just remember to breathe and stuff your face silly. Tip: Go for the meats and seafood, don't fill up too much on carbs (except for dessert), and go for stuff you wouldn't typically get the chance to eat as often. I really enjoyed the gnocchi, the crab legs (duh), as well as the smoked ribs. Not too shabby. Desserts were plentiful too, and it was hard to choose, so we just got a little bit of everything.

Service was very quick in getting drink refills and such. We didn't get alcohol, so getting soft drink refills was much faster. Price came out to about $75 a person, which included gratuity and tax. Definitely more expensive, but again, we did eat ourselves silly.

If you're going up for straight up quantity and variety, then Bacchanal is a great choice. Would included it in my top tier of Bellagio buffet brunch, as well as Wicked Spoon in the Cosmopolitan.Bacchanal, named after an unrestrained and gluttonous event associated with the wine/party god Bacchus, is a magical place touched by the divine. Upon entering the moodily lit halls and glass displays, one finds himself transformed into a wild pig, bent on eating himself to death. 

This is my second time at Bacchanal having visited a couple years prior. Although I remember this place being tastier than today, it's nonetheless still the best buffet to date. Maybe it's because last time my family paid for me, or it's because they didn't have that sweet glazed sea bass I've been fantasizing about. 

You'll find mountains of oysters and crab legs, cutting boards laiden with prime rib and brisket bursting with juices, and many other stations tempting your taste buds. However, I just found myself alternating between butter-drenched crab and that tender brisket. Also stop by the gelato station with a dozen different flavors to try. I found the orange beer gelato strange but enchanting. 

My only complaint about the place is the depressing, deformed, and diarrhea-inducing oysters I found every trip to the seafood station. Tasted awful and watery.
And where is my sweet glazed sea bass?!?!

Caesars Palace has free parking but try to avoid 10p when the massive crowd from the Colosseum is ejecting themselves from their concert.  
On busy days, there can be a two hour wait, but you can check in at the kiosk and come back later when they telephone you. 
Other days, the wait to pay can be 10 minutes, and the wait for non-communal seating is 20 minutes. 
Call Bacchanal/Caesar ahead of time to plan. 

Unless you're Mariah Carey and you have dancers to physically carry you around, bring a car. Or you'll be dragging your bulging stomach and piglet children all the way back home.Bacchanal is the BEST buffet in Vegas hands down!!! The food was amazing, everything you could imagine. The lamb were superb, the crab legs were either chilled or steamed. The steak tacos were so fresh. I really enjoyed the pesto pasta and the Chinese pork belly and ribs. The wait wasn't too bad less than 30 minutes because it was a Monday at 4:30pm but when we left around 7:00pm, the line was crazy! I'll definitely be back!!!I came here around 1pm to enjoy the brunch buffet. I have read so many reviews about this place and the buffet. My first thought was, "Am I really going to eat 50 dollars worth of food?" 

I occasionally like to dibble and dab in a buffet here or there. I said YOLO and went to see the hype! There was rope around to indicate they may have long lines for this buffet so I was happy that there was not a line. We just walked right up to the cashier to pay. After you pay, you are given a receipt to stand in another line for the hostess ...BUT wait! A camerawoman comes out to take your photo before you are seated! I'm serious. I was kind of baffled about that since I have never been to a buffet where they want to take your photo and you have the option of purchasing the photo as a souvenir. On a cruise ship, they may do that in the dining room, but a buffet..I dunno. It was interesting. 

After we were seated you can order water, tea, fountain drinks. They have Mountain Dew..score! 

Food: different varieties (seafood, Italian pastas, Asian dishes, tacos, American food, meats, desserts, fruits). Score ! There were many workers on the other side of the buffet keeping the food warm and refilling items as they got low.

The Poke Salad was the highlight of the meal. Amazing flavor! The mee goreng was delicious! The sushi was good, but it was not easy locating the soy sauce since somebody mixed up the sauces so I ended up with chili oil and soy sauce mixed lol! The dim sum was decent. I was not a fan of the Chicken Satay or Peking duck. Fresh shrimp was delicious. The dessert bar is large with endless options. I loved the mango habanero ice cream. Sweet then had a kick. Hard to choose something good. Their red velvet brownie and the Tiramisu were so yummy! Score!

Overall: the food was pretty decent. I agree with the other reviews that some items were lacking and some items really stood out. This buffet deserves a solid 4 stars. The servers were really nice and accommodating.Wow... Now I understand why it's so expensive! They have all the good & fancy stuff: Lamb Chops, Oysters, Oyster shots, pre-cut Crab Legs, Prime Rib, good French Macarons & Soufflé, etc.

Some items are also pre-prepared & served in cute little plates/buckets.. The cutest one were the fries in the deep fryer basket.

I will say, though, the Prime Rib & Lamb Chops were very salty to the point where I couldn't even finish it. The desserts were on point though & soooo delicious! I wish I could've eaten 2 of everything =P

Some sections were kinda hidden, or you'd have to walk around to see the different areas.

Although they're pricey, I'd say it's worth it to splurge & treat yourself once in a while.BEST BUFFET I EVER HAD!!!!

Some may think it's expensive, but in Hawaii, a buffet for $55 will not get you much at all! Therefore, for ME, this place was a steal!! 

I went during the spring and during the summer and the summer had better selections! There was more seafood so more bang for your buck!

A good time to go would be about 4 - 4:30, before anyone gets hungry for dinner obviously. But seriously, I went at that time twice on a Thursday and Friday, and there was NO wait!

If you're in Vegas, you can't miss out on Bacchanal!I came for lunch on a Thursday around 1PM, which was technically brunch (only brunch is served on weekdays before dinner). The price was $38 and the wait about 20-30 minutes. 

I've been to a handful of buffets in Las Vegas, and Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace is hands down my favorite so far. Yes, it's elaborate and fancy, but the quality of food is outstanding without being outrageously expensive. 

The restaurant itself is stunning and has many different food stations. My waitress was very friendly and took my drink order, refilled my drink, and cleared my plates very swiftly. 

I love how a lot of the food items are served in cute little containers. They definitely pay more attention to presentation of dishes here than some other buffets. 

I tried to sample a little bit of everything, but even someone with a considerable appetite/ability to put away food like me could not manage to eat everything. The dessert island alone is huge and the restaurant overall has an unbelievable amount of very tasty food.

See my pictures for a sampling of what I ate. I highly recommend checking out this buffet, just be prepared for a wait!My final day in Vegas on Monday we decided to come here for a brunch/lunch. We had a party of 6 and the wait was only about 30 minutes. 

We were seated and off for the food we went. I hit up the Asian/dim sum station first and had grabbed some rice wrapped in banana leaf, pot stickers, and shu Mai. All of the choices were great. 

Second round I went for their crab legs. Although small, they were good. I complimented the legs with a cup of lobster bisque. 

I had so much other food I know I was in a coma afterwards. This was the best buffet I had in Vegas and hands down I will be back again.Love this buffet... Especially the Italian section with the single serving hot dishes like lasagna, chicken Parmesan.  Also loved the dessert bar with real Salotto and homemade crepes.  

Service was attentive playing and presented beautifully.  Good thing this place is not in my hometown!This place is amazing and worth the wait!!! I loved it. The staff was amazing and very kind as well.
When we got there, the wait was kind of long but I had high hopes. And my hopes were met.
I would definitely recommend this buffet.
We also went to the wicked spoon another day and this was beats that buffet by 100%My First ever Buffet in Vegas!

Went here 2 years ago and went again the following year

Highly recommended with all the different varieties of food and awesome yummy quality!!! especially the seafood and desserts! 
amazing!! 

Pricey...... but Amazingg!!!! 


*Tip! Try to go during Lunch and then it becomes dinner Price is cheaper at lunch and then when it becomes dinner they hand out the seafood! :)Hands down my favorite restaurant ever! Yes I'm a Las Vegas local and yes I'm sick and tired of buffets by now BUT bacchanal is the greatest! Most times there's a long line but it's worth the wait. I know that when I come here I get top quality food. This review is more on the people that make this experience special. My husband and I came here one unassuming Tuesday because we wanted one last hurrah before he had neck surgery because he wouldn't be able to eat solid food for a few weeks. When we got in line we let the cashier Kumudu know that's he's a disabled veteran and he got a line pass saving us from an almost 2 hour wait which wouldn't be good for his back. When we got seated Lupe our server got our drinks in a very prompt and pleasant manner. Francisco our busser was also phenomenal like the two ladies mentioned before him. This type of service makes us enjoy coming to bacchanal. I highly recommend this place and come prepared with an empty tummy because the food will definitely fill you up and the staff is truly great from the back of the house to the front of the house. Fantastic food and service across the board!Definitely one of the best buffet/ayce place I've been.  Food quality is top notch and there's enough choices across the spectrum of dishes that you could come here 5x at least without repeating anything. 

That said there's a couple of missed items that could have gotten the place my last star. 

Japanese sushi was a lot less than expected. As in there were maybe 6 varieties of sushi... way too low even considering the choices of other dishes IMO. 

Service table side could use some work. Water was not refreshed until asked for (and the price includes any non alcoholic drinks), plates stacked on the corner of the table.  The server was attentive enough and even offered coffee when she saw we were done, so it's likely they just need more ppl here.Went during July 4th weekend so it was great crowd + great food and great drinks! Candice was the awesome manager that greeted us. She explained to me why we had to pay a little extra for the better food that they prepare for the 4th weekend. The food was outstanding and had dishes that you normally don't see in other buffets. Mimosas was outstanding! I would definitely go back again!Food was amazing, haven't seen anything run out as they kept restocking constantly. There were a few times that the should have been hot food was cold. Dessert options for top notch, there were things I'd never seen before. And that pork belly, that was amazing kept coming back for me and hot crab legs were already spilt in half making it easy and less tiring than having to crack one open yourself.

Service was quite bad, having to pay about $70 tip early on before even getting in, I assumed it be top notch service. Instead we had someone that constantly stood there to rest, while our table was full from food we were done with. She asked if I wanted a drink and forgot about getting it right away and had to reminded later on. Our server didn't even know much English so didn't even know what we were even asking for when we needed another pair of essential. 

Wait wasn't long because a party of more than 6 stand in another line and it wasn't long when got there compared to the less than 6 line was. Took about 30mins to get in which was amazing from what I hear about it being really long for smaller groups. The area where our table was, was really dark compared to the other well lit areas.WOW once again Yelp you didn't let us down. The food was Amazing. The staff friendly. The background music on point. No one should leave hungry or waiting more variety. The only reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 is price. Wow expensive.If it's your first time in Vegas you have to try Bacchanal, it's the best buffet in Vegas! Get your eyes ready for an amazing presentations of deco and food. Selections are unbelievable! from seafood, Mexican, high end cheeses, overwhelming meat selections, Asian food and yummy desserts. The best part of the buffet is you get to try some menu from the other restaurants at Caesars. It's worth every penny you spend!!!We got a Groupon for the buffet and it cost me $60 for two people with fast pass and mimosas! It was so worth it. 

The food was great (try the pork buns). They had everything from sushi to pasta and seafood. And, I had no complaints about the service. 

TIP: Get there early because the place gets packed around 10AM. No one like to wait in line for food.the food selection was fantastic, but waiting over hour to be seated.

roasted duck, pork belly, garlic crab, cake pops and steamed crab legs.Talking about a dinner, Caesar Palace is the best. BUT, the DESERT in Bellagio is the best!!!!!!Best Buffet in town! I had an incredible dinning experience with a variety of gourmet cuisine to try. Their sea food selection is excellent and their dessert selection is delicious!!!SO much bang for your buck here. I'd recommend going for a late lunch price to swing into dinner. I went at dinner time but still found my meal worth it. There is so much selection and my party and I LOVE seafood. Their seafood selection was deliciously fantastic. Dessert section also had very nice selections from ice cream to pastries. We knew we were going to eat here so we planned our meals accordingly, this is definitely a main event meal that will keep you full for your time at the slots. Expect a wait time of an hour to pay and get in.I always laugh at people who obviously know zero about restaurants and food post reviews.
For people who say this buffet is to expensive, you're wrong, the ingredients the chef is using are very expensive. Try costing out the carving station alone. 
Have been a chef and general manager for over 35 years and these guys do an exceptional job. If you feel it's too much money you have 2 feet be a big boy or girl and don't eat there, old town has plenty of cheap buffets for you folks.
And guess what you can ask to see the food before you enter, If you are a vegan check it out before you go. I just get so tired of listening to people whine about how it wasent this and it was not that, people grow up its a buffet, I have dropped a thousand dollars for dinner before that's when I become upset when everything is not perfect, not for friggin 50 buck buffet. 
Have never had a bad meal here, and the staff.while not outstanding was quite good.All I have to say is- compared to the other buffets such as at Harrahs, Planet Hollywood, Paris, and Rio, this is the best one by far. Although you're paying a premium, it is definitely worth the price. In terms of the other buffets, I only enjoyed about 10% of the options; here on the other hand, I enjoyed at least 85% of it. I'll return next time for sure!! Also a plus that there was no wait when I came at 6:30pm on a Monday.I went there on brunch on weekdays!
And I think sushi is good and Omelette is good!
And that smoked pork belly and crawfish,yum yum..!
their amazing sugar free cheese cake..!
Our waiter Jeff was really nice and attentive..!This place IS DELICIOUS! This has to be my favorite buffet! Sucks that it's in Vegas but man is this place good. Definitely worth the wait & cost. 

Get seated.
Get acquainted.
Bring a appetite. 

I literally made sure I ate from each area. Tacos, sushi, Italian you name it! 

I was so hungry and impressed I forgot to take pictures of any of my plates smh. Next time for sure. 

I'll be back in a few weeks, 3/24 to be exact! HahaThis restaurant is located in Ceasar's Palace and was a little difficult to find but once I started got into the main building and read the signs, I found it immediately.  Look for the Sports bar area and you will see signs pointing you to the Buffet.
Today was my first visit and I walked over just to see what everyone was raving about.  Due to the early hour, I was able to avoid the crowd and was seated immediately.  The hostess asked if I had ever visited before, I let her know this was my first visit.  She proceeded to give me a walking tour showing me what was offered and where the different stations were located.  The fantastic service did not stop there, Jennifer my waitress was extremely friendly and very attentive.  She kept my water glass filled and checked in with me ofter to see if there was anything I needed and how I like my food.  She was FANTASTIC, asked to be seated in Jennifer's area, she will take care of you.  Meat carver was equally as friendly and offered advice on the cut of meat to ask for and offered me larger portions if I wanted it.  He was very patient and informative.
The food was to die for to use an old worn out saying.  There is an abundance of choices, kept fresh and served in a very appealing to the eye manner.  They even include selections for vegetarians and diabetics.
You will not go away hungry, if you do its your own fault.  I will definitely return to this buffet in Ceasar's Palace the next time I am in Las Vegas.Definitely worth the expense. The food was so good and I loved the presentation. I purposely ate little of everything and I walked out of there ridiculously full. I liked the food variety, however the desserts were a little lacking. The only thing worth eating was the creme brulee. I was expecting to wait in a long line, but was surprised to see no line whatsoever. Our group was seated right away. Major plus.I looked up this place months before my Vegas trip and was looking forward. It did not disappoint. Every item I got was so delicious. It's a bit pricey but totally worth it with all the seafood you can get. Definitely recommend.Every time I am in Las Vegas, I never wanted to do the whole buffet thing because it didn't seem worth it to me.. paying $60+ for a few hours of eating. I usually don't even eat that much so it is totally not worth it for me.. BUT

The group I was with really wanted to go to Bacchanal and I have heard so much about this place that I decided to agree. Although it was exactly the price I had thought it would be, the experience was great! We went on a random weekday so the line was almost non-existent and there were tables galore. The best things I had were: crab legs, shrimp shrimp and more shrimp, and definitely the dessert table. 

My eyes were definitely bigger than my stomach. The server was really attentive to our needs and came around pretty often to refill our drinks and take away our plates if we needed.. to make room for MORE plates! 

I would definitely come back with a prepared belly.Came here with my family & everything was so good! We especially loved the dessert bar. So many choices and lots of creativity. A must stop when you are in Vegasafter almost three hours wait time, we were seated. honestly 8/10 of the items we picked were really good. for 50$ you won't find any better buffet in Vegas. the service was ok. our waitress wasn't very attentive at all. but it's a buffet. I'm just glad that the food didn't suck after a long wait. I had high expectation for this place and it delivered.This is one of the best buffet I had in Vegas. (I've had a few buffet, and I am not a buffet kind of girl, I don't eat very much) There's a long wait but lucky us, we had someone that is a diamond or something to cut the lines.

There lots of verity of food and most of them are so good. They give great presentation and it is actually very GOOD! The one that you see everyone is grabbing is the crab legs because it's so delicious and fresh. 

I grab a lot of the dessert and I love the Cheesecake and Crème Brule the most. I wish I had a bigger tummy to eat more dessert! LOLAwesome!

Read all the good reviews about this buffet and decided to give it a try. I recommend coming 30 mins prior to when you'd like to be seated. Upon arrival you will see a kiosk asking you how many are in your party and some other questions. It will print out a ticket for your party. When we visited, there was quite a line before entering. You will pay prior to entering, the dinner buffet price was about $58/person. It's definitely pricey, but since this was our first time here, we decided why not. The buffet had a lot to offer. The crab legs, prime rib, beef brisket, and the dessert section were some of my faves. Our server Marvin was the sweetest. He was attentive, friendly, and really made our experience here all the more enjoyable.

Overall, we had a lovely dinner here and the company can't be beat :DI didn't get to try the other buffets in town but this one is pretty good. I was especially impressed by the quality of the seafood. We were seated promptly when we got there at around noon. There is a 2 hour dining limit.

The sushi was not good but it's unreasonable to expect good sushi in a buffet. The brisket was a bit tough too. Everything else was great. If you like crab, you will love those giant king crab legs. My favourite were the mussels though! Absolutely delicious!we finally got to come back here again to eat.  it's been over 3 years and it's changed a little bit as far as the quality. no longer 5 stars but 4 stars. it's still a very good buffet with the nice variety and all.  however i felt the quality overall was not as high as when we were here 3 years ago. i understand that when we went it was a very new buffet. i just hope they don't continue to decline their quality like they did at the Studio B buffet at the M Resort.Honestly one of the best buffets I've ever gone to!!

Although the price is a little on the steep side especially that of dinner, their food options more than make up for it. Be prepared to eat, so my suggestion is starve yourself so you can fill yourself up with the delicious food (I'm kidding! Kinda). 

You first have to pay to get into the food area, so be ready to dish out the mula before you get to feast your eyes on the banquet of food. They'll take a picture of your group after you pay, which you'll have the option of buying towards the end of your meal. Upon being seated by your server who'll ask you for your drink option (you can also order alcoholic drinks!), you're free to run wild and grab food to your hearts content. There's pretty much a section for all types of food, Asian with the pho, sushi, curry, and others; then there's seafood with the lobster legs, clams, shrimp, etc.; Italian, soup, and so much more. Not to mention their dessert bar, which is to die for. I'm a sucker for sweets, so seeing that they had a gelato bar, boba, mochi, cookie bar, and other delicacies made my heart palpitate. 

Awesome, awesome place to eat! If you're willing to pay for the goods, DEFINITELY recommend!!Best buffet in Las Vegas! I'm honestly not so crazy about buffets because the quality of food isn't usually the greatest, however at this buffer you get both good quality and quantity. The variety of foods are endless! The sushi is by far outstanding. I ate a dish today of mixed salmon, shrimp, octopus, it was the best plate I've had In a longggg time! The deserts are mouthwatering as well. If you're in Vegas and want to eat at a Buffet then you have to try this place.Crab legs were good. Buffet was strong. 
Pricey, so make sure you are ready to eat. Wifey doesn't eat a lot, so she says it was overpriced. I ate mostly seafood so I got my money worth. 

Did to say we did...My friends and I came here on our last day in Vegas and decided to go around 2PM on Monday purely because we were tired and couldn't get out of bed until noon. Little did we know that we had hit the jackpot with our incredible timing! We waited for barely 10 minutes before we were seated and the selection of lunch buffet food was decent. However, at 3PM they started switching up all the food into the more expensive dinner items so we got super lucky and basically got to eat a bunch of different things all for the lunch pricing. 

I really liked the shrimp cocktail, lasagna and tortellini dishes in the Italian section and the made-to-order udon was good too. The prime rib and mashed potatoes with gravy was probably my winner of the night though! The Alaskan king crab was also delicious and we preferred the hot steamed ones instead of the frozen ones. Keep in mind that at lunch time, they only had Dungeness crab while the Snow crab + Alaskan King crab come out after 3PM.

For dessert, the hazelnut gelato was delicious paired with the Nutella crepe. There were some lacklustre dishes (e.g. the sushi & pizza) but still a good selection of yummy things to make me want to come back again. It was also super worth it to pay $43 (including tax) for lunch and get to eat both the lunch + dinner buffets!This place is expensive, but totally worth it. Their food was fresh, tasty and delightful. If you came to Vegas for buffet, this is a great place.Best buffet in Vegas. Be prepared to wait in line for a while and to shell out some money to dine but I honestly believe the experience is worth it. The other buffets in Vegas do not compare to the Caesar's buffet. Trust me! I spent like 2 hours here eating a good variety of foods.When we decided to have breakfast at the hotel in which we stayed I was not expected something extraordinarily but this place pleasant surprised me.  We ordered two meals: eggs Benedict with salmon and classic eggs Benedict which both looked spectacular in presentation. I used to eat lots of eggs Benedict but this meals were prepared excellent. It is difficult to explain the taste but every component of these meals and detail in the plate create usual dish something amazing. It seems like the meals came from chef who understands the meaning of good breakfast in the morning. The price was expensive but I didn't feel sorry.This is probably the most diverse buffet I've ever eaten it. Although on the pricey side, it is well worth it. There are rows and rows of different types of food, all cooked to perfection. The crab legs were by far the best I've ever eaten in my life; they were large and the meat fell out of the shell in a clean sweep making it easy to eat. I liked that there was Mediterranean food as an option and plenty of options for vegetarians. I didn't waste too much stomach space on non-meat items. If you find that you still have room for dessert, there are several options. You will not be disappointed.I am still here eating, it's been an hour and I am not leaving, also to make this story even better, I just saw there is another part to this buffet that I totally didn't know it was here, I am about 4 plates in, all fresh as I see them constantly bringing out the food, most of the time it's different but for sure it's fresh. I don't want to leave and so worth every penny. I didn't find it expensive at all. $40 a person for brunch. Take a look at my pics and you will see its worth it.I can see why this was rated number 1 buffet. We went Saturday night so the lines were long and the food is hot because so many people. I assume nothing was out very long. Now this buffet feels like a mile long. Everything I tried was flavorful. I loved the oysters and the crab legs. The prime rib was excellent and the small pork chops were perfect. They had everything here. Took me 2 mins walking down the buffet not including the desserts.I have been to this buffet 4 times, and I have to say it is the best buffet I have ever been to.  It can be a little pricy ($30 lunch, $50 dinner), but so worth it if you're celebrating a special occasion.  They have the biggest selection of food, ranging from appetizers, to drinks, to desserts, and SEAFOOD. Every time I plan on going here, I starve myself for a day in advance in order to empty my stomach (bad decision for my metabolism, but I can eat more oysters). I can go for rounds at the seafood bar, to the point where Im so full I can't even look at dessert. I hope everyone tries this buffet at least once in their life.Place was alright IMO. 

Went there for lunch during LDW. The food was okay. I liked the crab and brisket though! 

The desserts though were amazing especially the creme brûlée!! 

I would also recommend the guava juice and you can also take the container that it comes in! 

They offer a lots of types of soups especially if you're hungover such as pho, miso soup, and lots of other Asian soups. 

Overall, 8/10Lucked out the day we came because there was no wait! I've been waiting to try this place out ever since the day I booked my flight to Vegas. Definitely didn't leave disappointed but rather stuffed to the max ahahah

Service - very friendly and welcoming. Our server cleared our plates and refilled our drinks without us even having to ask. 

Food - wow, just wow. I had to strategically plan through how I was going to get through this buffet. I was not gonna leave until I got to try everything for a whooping $60. I worked my way slowly from the back to the front. They offer a variety of things: Asian food (dim sum, noodles, sushi, meat entrees, etc), Italian food (pizza, pasta, etc), American food (burger sliders, mac n cheese, fries, fried chicken, etc), Mexican food (tacos, chips, etc), meats (prime rib, lamb chop, bbq pork ribs, etc), seafood (crab legs, shrimp, oysters, etc), soups (ramen, pho, etc), juice bar (orange, cucumber, pineapple, etc), and a decked out dessert area (gelato, cookies, cakes, fruits, etc)! I was literally in heaven for those two hours I was there. Highlights of my meal would be the salmon and tuna nigiri, truffle mushroom pizza, prime rib, steamed king crab legs, and the smores and nutella coffee gelato. 

If I ever come back to Vegas, I know where I'm going to eat first.We landed at McCarran late in afternoon and she insisted we go to this place, It was my first time in Vegas and this was my first stop; let me tell you all that this is how you properly start a trip to vegas. I REGRET NOTHING.

First and foremost, the price may seem steep, however, the quality and variety of food is absolutely mind-boggling. Once you're seated, please run rampant and take a gander at what food there is, because as mentioned prior, there is a lot. Start with the crab legs near the entrance. They cut open already for you, all you need to do is eat the meat; yes you read correctly, EAT THE CRAB MEAT WITHOUT ANY WORK. After that, go to the mexican food area and get some horchata in the petite glasses, they are tasty. Thereafterwards, go to the pasta area and and get the meatballs, they are killer!! Go over to the asian side and check out the dim sum they have set up. Lastly, go over to the desserts and get a creme Brule amongst other tasty treats. I'm only skimming on what they have to offer here, but there is so much more to choose from! The service is also quite good. They were always there to give us refills and check up on us. 

Overall; in my opinion for the price, you definately get your bang for your buck. If you or someone else has a hankering for an epic buffet Vegas style, this is your place! You won't regret it!Certainly one of the better buffets in Vegas but the BEST buffet is still eluding me and yet to be found.  Like a well thought out strategic Disneyland park plan, I think the trick is to have a early, hearty breakfast, skip lunch and have your linner here to reap the best price and both worlds of lunch and dinner options! I think the dinner prices start at 3pm from what I recall so be sure you line up between 2:15-2:30pm to time this right!  You'll be so stuffed you wont eat for 24 hours after that anyways!  :)I tried the dinner on Sunday. After two hours of being in the virtual line I went to the actual line (I never got the seating time SMS) and waited for one hour in the line. The service was very prompt and friendly. However as a whole I thought the buffet was a bit underwhelming, especially considering the price. I prefer clearly labeled food stations. Here they just had a very long table along which there was a good variety of foods. The restaurant was crowded and dark, unlike other buffets I have tried. Desserts were excellent, though - among the best in any buffets. The food itself was very good but it lacked the "wow" effect.First...thank you Yelpers with positive ratings.  Bacchanal Buffett It is everything and then some!  I started brunch at 12:30 for breakfast and stayed until 4pm for early dinner.  I wished I took pictures of my plate"s" but I enjoyed eating too much to stop!  For anyone that hasn't been make this your first buffet stop on your visit.  Make sure you wear your "stretchy "pants and loose shirts and block out some time because you are not going to want to leave after a couple of plates.  

I paid $60 for the buffet and all you can drink (Champagne, Mimosa & Beer).  Well worth it, my server Socorro was awesome and she was attentive. The vibe is very modern And contemporary not your cafeteria style dining area!This by far has been the best buffet I've been to! I've heard good things from friends about this place and they're absolutely right, this place is worth the price! It is pricey BUT if you take your time and utilize your two hour max to eat, then it's really worth it! They have a huge variety of food to choose from, American, Chinese, Seafood, Italian, Vietnamese, etc. So many different sections to choose from such as...

-A meat section
-A cheese section
-street taco station
-Ramen and Pho bowl station
-Crepe station 

This is just a few sections of the buffet, by you have to try almost everything because the choices are just endless! I especially like the fresh juice options (mango, guava, etc) they have near the street taco section. The service was just as great as the food as well. If you're hungry in Vegas and want to indulge in good food for two hours, this one is definitely recommended for your hungry needs!You can have an international feast here! The prime rib and crab legs alone are worth paying $58 for dinner (on a Sunday). But wait, there's more! :D

Other delicious items...

- Lasagna
- Mussels 
- Caesar salad 
- Caprese salad
- Cooked carrots (I ate these with my steak)
- Strawberry gelato

If you are debating on eating here because of the price- don't. You get what you pay for and have two hours to eat as much food as you want.Love this place!!! This place never fails to me! Every time I come to Vegas , this will be my place for dinner. This buffet is $60 per person, pricy but well worth it. I can stay there for two hrs! I love their varieties of food and there food taste delicious here!AMAZING!! So many options ! Worth the $$$ but go in with an all day empty stomach and ready for a nap Afterwards!Went to this buffet last night for dinner, and ended up spending 2 hours there. There are 6 different kitchens running there: 
1. Seafood
2. American
3. Mexican 
4. Italian 
5. Asian (with both Chinese and Japanese offerings) 
6. Dessert

Every station had a lot of variety and made to order options. The dessert section had sugar free options, I grabbed one out of curiosity and it was actually quite good. The Prime Rib at the carving station was phenomenal. I don't think you can rate buffets the same way you write made to order restaurants, but I can honestly say that this is the best buffet that I have been too.I'm not a huge buffet fan but this place is just ridiculous! I've never been at any buffet where my whole first plate, with food from all portions of the buffet line was sooooo good!?? There's no way? 

Usually what happens is you go to a buffet & they have ONE item that's good, maybe 2 or 3 other items that are okay & the rest are all filler. Nope not here! My first plate consisted of prime rib, roast beef tin, calamari, some type of Beef pepper steak, egg rolls & mac/cheese. All of it was incredible. Then of course I do get my 2,3,4 plate of steamed crab legs. 

For desert I get something I never get, Gelato! Pink Grapefruit. I had to smile because I couldn't believe it was good as well! Completely worth the price in fact the price didn't even matter it was so goodI liked this place quite a bit.
Food was good, they have a HUGE variety of things, anything you can imagine food they have it there. From Asian to BBQ to sushi to crab legs(chilled) and hot and deserts to Chinese food to fruits to Italian. Everything tasting fresh and great 
It was a Friday night so it was super busy waiting wasn't that bad tho about 35 min from the time to got there to the time we sat down at our table.
It's pricey but I think it's priced well for what you have.
We had a party of 6 with the all you can drink alcohol and our tab came to a total of $483 plus we left $80 for tips!
Our waitress Milka she was very helpful and hands on!! Very Helprin and still super friendly 
We had a great time 
I will be back at this place.I read that Bacchanal was named number 1 best buffet in Vegas so I decided to give it a try. 

PROS:
The crab legs were good. I liked that they were cut in half so it was easy to eat. 
The prime rub was very good, long line. 
Lobster bisque
Truffle cream soup 
Gelato 
Dessert 

CONS:
The stone crab claws were not my favorite. A bit too mealy...
No oysters either for brunch, other than the oyster shots. 
Sushi, very mediocre... 
Service was slow and inattentive... Probably because we were seated behind a pillar but that still made it frustrating because I saw other tables next to us getting served. 

Overall, good buffet but I would go elsewhere as I love seafood and I felt their offerings were limited.You will pay around $60 for this buffet but money you gonna spend is worth it!! You can get seafood unlimited fresh drinks unlimited and great desert also unlimited!! Great great great !!!Very good buffet.  A lot of friends advised to try this buffet as it is currently the go to buffet in Las Vegas right now.  Around 2 pm on a weekday, the place had a little wait time.  So regardless of time, plan to wait.  The food selection is awesome.   My first time to a new buffet, I walk around to see what is available before I get any food.  The lay out is a little strange because initially I thought to my self what is the hype about, I do not see very much.  The buffet is laid out sort of in a Z fashion with it wrapping around the corner.  As first I did not notice it until I saw a number of people walking out from around a corner.  I thought it was more seating in the back but the buffet bends around into the back where the Asian dishes are. 

The buffet is pricey with the probably the biggest selection of items on the strip.  As a result, it probably has the worst wait times on the strip.  Is it worth it? It depends.  For lunch, I thought it was.  I would probably skip it for dinner because I can not imagine an hour or two waiting in line to eat.  Also, like any buffet in Vegas come hungry, especially to this one.This is the best buffet in Vegas!!! The food is delicious and taste like 5 star food. It doesn't taste cheap like the other buffets on the strip. 
So if you don't mind spending a little more to get quality food, this is the buffet to go to.WoW. Lots of GOOD, DELICIOUS food here. Well worth the wait. It's pricey, but doesn't disappoint.A bit pricey but a great buffet if you are in vegas. They have everything from seafood to Chinese food to a wide range of desserts to choose from. The lines can be a bit long but once you pay they are pretty quick to seat you. I would recommend going for lunch, dinner is a bit pricey and most of the items are not something you want for breakfast and I feel that you will not enjoy it fully. The desserts are my favorite part, don't fill up on all of the tacos !If you're reading this review and are seriously considering eating here, I recommend training your stomach to prepare. You will literally eat the biggest meal of your life.

Was in Vegas and was treated to the Bacchanal Buffet. At 5 PM on a Wednesday, the line was around 20 minutes. It's also around $60 a person for dinner, but they have coupons available! I walked in and was in awe. The buffet is so spacious and so beautifully decorated. They have piles upon piles of food. Their seafood section is the most famous, with rows of mussels, clams, shrimp, and snow crab legs. Everyone walked away with plates full of snow crab legs. I was really happy that Bacchanal cuts their snow crab legs in half so it's so easy to eat. They literally boil hundreds of pounds of these crabs per day and you can get them freshly boiled or chilled. The line for the popular foods became long but nothing more than a few minutes. I also have sampled their ribs and their oh-so-juicy flank steaks. 

Their sushi section was a bit small and didn't seem attended to as much as the other sections, but it had a selection of rolls. They also have an Asian section, American section, pasta, etc. After a few more rounds of crab legs and shrimp, I was ready to tackle dessert.

Their dessert section has the largest selection of sweets I have ever seen. They have cake pops, an entire bowl of macarons, a huge array of cakes, pies, tarts, fruits, and an entire gelato selection. I sampled the passionfruit and lychee gelatos, which were so delightful. I would recommend saving 30% of your stomach for desserts. 

I absolutely loved my experience and would definitely come back if it weren't so darn expensive!I was helped by Milka & Mahyar! Both of them were such a delight, loved every minute :)!TLDR: Pretty good pricey buffet with a lot of options. Quality of food ranges from not-so-great to amazing depending on what you eat.

Came here for brunch with my friends while we were in Vegas. I am pescitarian so I didn't any of the meat based foods, but below are some of my impressions on the foods that I did try/remember by section. 

(Cold) Seafood Section: Don't waste your time here. They have an assortment of seafood on ice over here, and some seafood based dishes. I tried the rolled sole (literally sole... rolled... into a roll) and it wasn't great, neither was the crayfish. They also have crab, but if you keep walking and you'll find a different section later on with freshly boiled crab.

Breakfast Section: Lot's of fancy looking breakfast foods. They have baby pancakes, eggs Benedict, piles of french toast, bacon, etc. I'm pretty sure the taco station is over here too. I didn't really eat anything here because I don't like breakfast food and they didn't have veggie/fish tacos. I hear that the tacos are worth a try though.

Boiled Crab Station: Look for the guys wearing purple hats. They'll be standing over some big pots and you have to give them your plate and they'll ladle you some hot, freshly boiled crab. The crab legs are all split vertically in half for you to make it easier for you to eat as much as you can. Although the legs are pre-cut, the crab is still pretty flavorful.

Pizza section: .......I'm not wasting buffet space eating pizza unless it is literally flaked with gold.

Noodle Station (in Asian Section): They have four broths and four types of noodles here. I usually don't eat carby things like noodles (even though I love noodles) because they take up too much valuable space. But their Ramen was AMAZING. They actually use real Ramen, and the texture and flavor is perfect. My biggest regret is not getting more and trying it with the Miso broth. 

Sushi Section: Their sushi is not fresh at all, and there aren't really that many options. The nigiri looks really old and the plates of artistically arranged sashimi look like they're juicing. The taste is still OK, but the quality is obviously not there. If you absolutely have to eat some sushi (like I usually do) grab the hand-rolls because the fish in there was by far the freshest.

Dim Sum Section: Meh, not great, I wouldn't waste too much time here. They do have some Congee in this section which is good way to start.. You can use it to prep your stomach for all the food that's about to come it's way. The Congee is cooked mainland style, so there is no salt or meats in it. You can choose to add a variety of toppings to help flavor it though.

Dessert Section: Pretty amazing, they have a bunch of different desserts and they're pretty much all delicious. They also have one of the best ice cream/gelato sections I've ever seen at a buffet. Luckily, the desserts are all tiny and bite sized. So even if you barely have any room left, you can still try a few of them.After a day of outdoor activities, we happened to walk by this place.  We werent dressed for  anything fancy so we decided to come here. It was a little pricey but it was a weekend during dinner time and we were starving.  Based on that, this is my favorite seafood buffet. The had american italian , asian, dessert, lines that went on forever.  It was a workout o get from end to the other
This is what I had. A lot of crab, Sashimi(didnt eat the rice) prime rib, shrimp, calamari, ribs, oysters, scallops. I didnt not touch any bread, rice, mac n cheese, pasta. Blah! Forget that give me the good stuff!! I saw someone getting rice porridge. I said to myself" WHAT A NOOB" why pay all that money for water and rice. I definitely left happy.  when you walk in you see a display case of caviar, I  was looking for the caviar line, but then the waiter said itw as a couple of hundred of dollars.  What?!?!? No free caviar, then why are there cans of caviar the second you look at this place!! 
One definitely eats really well when you have a good day of working out. I must of had plates and plates of crab shells. It was a graveyard for crabs on my table. lol! there were two types, one that was hot an boiled and the cold one. I thought the crab that was in the pot was a bit salty, so I just ate the cold one. The sashimi was just ok.  Didnt eat a lot of it. Prime rib as above average.  Oysters and scallops- cant go wrong!!! I just need someone to pay for my next meal there.... hmmmmmmmmmmmmm!Very expensive but worth it when you come to Vegas. I am a big eater but I didn't get to try most of the food here. I ate mostly seafood, steak and desserts. I also paid an extra $15 for endless drinks. Our server was fast and efficient despite it being a weekend night. We gave Rosa a nice tip. They have the best king crab with drawn butter here.Pro Tip: Go to the Italian section to get hot crab legs.

I really want to give this place 5 stars, but I just can't do it.  The reason I can't do it is because this buffet is not what it once was.  The items that i loved most are no longer served.  Those would be the king crab legs, lamb chops, and the blue fin tuna.  All you get now are snow crab legs and the low grade color added tuna that isn't that appealing.  

On to the good stuff.  What I do like are the snow crab legs, bloody mary oyster shooters (this was so good), osso bucco, prime rib, beef ribs, dim sum, noodle bar (pho, udon, ramen, and a few others), and made to order street tacos.  I think the highlight of the buffet is their dessert section.  You've got everything including freshly made crepes.  Call me crazy, but the best item in the ENTIRE buffet are the gummy bears.  This isn't your ordinary gummy bears my friend.  Oh no no no.  I'm not sure where they get them from, but these gummy bears are the best you'll ever have in your life!!  I ate a huge bowl of them.  They are that good.

For the quality of food you get and the price you pay, I'd say the value isn't quite there anymore.  It used to be the best buffet and the best value.  But like all great buffets, they always go downhill after the first year or two.  Nonetheless, this is still one of my favorite buffets in town.This buffet is best in vegas but it's also one of the most expensive and the wait is really long! You can put your name down for the waitlist and go gamble or shop in the meantime. I guess that's the best part about the wait. The quality and variety make it worth a try if you've never had it.

It's ideal for those who want to try a lot of different foods. The made-to-order ramen and udon is awesome. The dessert station is also fantastic and I'm not even a big sweet person!This is by far my favorite buffet in Vegas. I've never been to a buffet that offers the eloquence and quality cuisine of a high end restaurant. Such high quality, it's unbelievable! The king crab legs made me feel vulnerable to its perfection, along with the beef ribs that made me feel as if I was dining with Lucille herself! The most profound buffet experience I have been to thus far.I've done a few Las Vegas buffets before and on this trip to Vegas, my girlfriend and I decided we wanted to do one buffet as well, so we chose Bacchanal since neither of us had been there before. We chose to do brunch, as this was during the Christmas holidays and dinner was rather expensive ($65 I think). Brunch was not cheap either, at $53/person. 

We arrived around 11am and were seated quite promptly with no wait. This was during a weekday though, so your experience may vary. My favorite were the snow crab legs (I guess King Crab is only for dinner?), they were juicy and sweet, and cut apart so all you had to do was pry the meat out. The crab claws were done in a similar fashion, allowing for easy access to huge chunks of meat. 

The carving station was a sight to behold, with prime rib, beef ribs, turkey, lamb, and the best: smoked brisket. That brisket was fantastic. It was some of the best brisket I've had, and I've had BBQ in Kansas City and Austin before! Beyond that, the selections were varied and apart from a few misses, everything was good. Their sushi is absolutely mediocre though, and that was a disappointment. The dessert station is great, with lots of options and a crepe station as well, so make sure you leave room for dessert. They also have a juice bar available in the buffet section, with bottled fresh pressed juice (pineapple, watermelon, cucumber, orange, green). The green juice was fairly good (cucumber, kale, and ginger) and I figured it was a good way to "stay healthy" while consuming all the other rich foods (sarcasm). They offer a full complement of tea/coffee/pop as well, and have a fantastic peach ice tea available to order. 

This is one of the best buffets I've ever been to, and the service was great. Just don't forget to leave a tip for your server when you leave, I saw a lot of people leaving without placing a tip on the table.I came here for lunch after hearing so many great things about the selection and taste.
imho every single type of cuisine is done very well here at Bacchanal. Carving station is highly recommended, great quality cuts and is never poorly executed. Usually includes lamb, which is different from most buffets in vegas. 

Seafood is also fresh, and safe to eat. I had a couple of plates of just the raw oysters and crab legs (steamed and cold). 

the kicker? the desserts are so effing great! a wide variety from homemade gelato to macaroons to crepes made fresh in front of you. this buffet is a must if you're trying to seek out the best of Vegas.This buffet is a winner!  I'm pretty sure that when I left my body was made up of about  10% Crab
 and 5% Shrimp!  

Besides the great seafood, I was impressed with the assortments of meats and Asian Foods.  The bacon was excellent!  And yes, the was a well stocked salad, fruit and dessert bar for those of you who waste your money filling up on these foods!

Drawbacks,  $55 is a steep price of a Sunday Buffet (but worth it), parking is not free and the lines to get in are really long.  Expect 30-60 minutes before you get a table.  I was surprised that once you were seated, there really wasn't much of a wait for any of the foods, except the made to order stuff.I have been eating there for brunch and dinner for two days. I vote them the best buffet compare to wynn, bellagio, paris, and rio. The waiting line is not as long as I expected. Their dessert is the best. highly recommend.Loved this buffet it was great service is good I got the $15 unlimited champagne witch was worth it the server kept refilling my glass everytime i was almost done with my drink I loved the croissant witch was stuffed with egg and a little bacon my favorite desserts were the strawberry lyche gelato and the rice pudding4 stars seems right.

1) The food is awesome. The best buffet in Vegas (better than Bellagio/Wynn).

2) Service - the waiters were fine, just the lamb chops came out 45 minutes late (after dinner opened) and I was continually told just a couple more minutes. Have to hold off filling up on other delicacies if you are anxiously awaiting something. My only "constructive criticism" would be to have the entrees ready when you open for dinner (or shortly afterwards). 

3) Yes the wait is long, but their queueing system helps mitigate that, and they do call you on the time of your ticket.Ate here last week. Always nice to jump the long buffet line with my diamond card. Service is fast and attentive. Everything we ate was at least good. Seafood is very fresh. Meats are excellent as well. Some of the cooked dishes are hit or miss but a few of them are so good you would think it was from a 5 star restaurant. Desserts have been better in the past. They seem to be lacking flavor and freshness. At almost 60$ for dinner I expect a little bit more quality all around.This was probably the most kick ass buffet with the most selection I have ever seen before. Me and two other friends went during 4th of July weekend when they had $40 brunch deal (normally $45) if you arrive before 9:30am. While this is a bit early, I highly recommend coming during brunch time because there won't be a line, there will be alot less people there, and it's almost half the price for full dinner and you still get premium items like snow crab and rock crab. 
The decor is very modern and pretty, I love the patterned glass inside the restaurant. The food selection is incredible, they have everything from king crab legs, scallops, shrimp, duck, pasta, steak, sausages, and gelato! They almost have orange juice, cucumber juice (pretty gross) and watermelon juice (fantastic!)
They also have a large dessert selection and just too much food to try them all. 
I don't think I would pay the dinner price to come eat here but the brunch deal is a steal!It's amazing and delicious here!
Best Gourmet Buffet in Vegas!
Tip:
6 or more people you pass the crazy line!
2 to 3 people check in on YELP you pass up the lounge and go straight to the front! 
Everyone must show your check in on your phoneOh my God! This place was amazing. Probably the best buffet I have ever been to. Okay, time to calm down. 

The seafood selection was excellent. Crab legs, shrimp, mussels, scallops, they had everything. The Asian section, although very diverse, was not as good as I thought it would be. Regardless, the Mexican and Italian stations totally made up for it. 

As soon as you step in, the aroma of seafood kinda takes over. Mind you, I had to wait in line for close to an hour, which kind of killed my appetite. And yet, I kept eating to the point where I could not get up to get another helping. 
Tip: Save room for dessert. I didn't, and repented. 

All in all, an amazing dinner buffet. Will totally be back the next time I'm in Vegas. Taking that one star off cause waiting an hour in a queue, I felt, was a touch extreme. But, that much for about $60. I'd do it any day. :)We chose/were directed here over Wicked Spoon and sampled plates from every station, with everything being fresh and available without much of a wait for weekday lunch. We found the lunch price worth it, but surprisingly couldn't see ourselves being buffet regulars if we visited more.Amazing buffet in Vegas!

Visited in mid-July and they sadly do not include unlimited mimosas with the price. Instead, you can opt to have unlimited mimosas for $7 more. The price was $49.99 per person. 

The horchata juice is my favorite and always end up getting two bottles. 

The meat counter is by far the best items in the whole buffet. Don't waste room eating dim sum or soups. You must stop by the meat counter. I had the sausage, prime rib, and brisket. 

Save room for dessert! Bacchanal has one of the best dessert bars I've ever been to. They have made to order crepes, gelato, creme brulee, assorted cakes, and even a jar of dum dums. The best gelato they had was the mango habanero. It had a kick of spiciness a few seconds after you have the first bite. 

Tip: If you have a party of 6 or more, there's a line towards the front of the entrance on the right hand side that expedites these larger groups.This is wayyy better than the Wicked Spoon. Though the wait can be a bit long and dinner pricing ($50+) per person can be a tad bit costly, the buffet selection is one of the best in Vegas. 

Tip: Try to get your moneys worth by filling your self with brisket + crab legs :)I highly recommend visiting this buffet if you're in the Vegas area...and this is coming from someone who doesn't even like buffets. I went to brunch at 8am during a weekday so the food was still fresh and there were no lines to get in. Everything was well-prepared but the brisket, prime rib, and short ribs were my favorite. The orange beer and mango habanero sorbets on the dessert station were equally delightful. It was a nice surprise to see a crawfish boil on the buffet. As someone from the South, I'm not accustomed to seeing them in places outside of swamp territories so that was pretty cool. I still didn't eat it (lol) but I appreciated the variety. It was worth every penny. And our waitress, Judy H., was such a gem...sweet, attentive, and helpful!This is probably one of the better buffets in Las Vegas, and it is pretty good food, but no longer a good value.

There is reasonable variety -- particularly strong Italian food, and some decent Asian food, plus Mexican and seafood.  Unfortunately, there is never any king crab, and snow crab only on weekends or some dinners.  Breakfast is a particularly poor value.

Waiting lines are really long unless you have TR diamond or seven stars, or a pass.  (I'm a diamond so it only takes 1-3 minutes to be seated).

Staff are great -- friendly, and good about keeping drinks refilled.I came back here on MLK weekend (Sunday) with a group of friends (6 people total, including the GF).  It had been a while, but I was in town for a conference and my friends decided to come out to once I found them a quality hotel room for cheap ($70/night @  Mirage vs $150 pretty much anywhere else that weekend) via a promo I had.  

Bacchanal lines are insane.  There's no other way to put it.  My advice is to come before 6pm or come after 8:30pm.  We arrived and since there was 6 of us, we were able to get into the "Group" line, which was more effective for us.  We waited a total of 20-30 minutes before going in.  When they were about to seat us, that's when they took payment and we were seated about 5-10 minutes later.

I had about 5 plates of food (granted plates 3 and 4 consisted of like 3 items each in tiny portions and plate 5 was the dessert plate), sampling almost every cuisine they had.  My thoughts:

Pluses:

Pork & Shrimp Shu Mai dumplings were AMAZING.  I should have taken a whole plate of them!
Roast Duck and Char Siu Pork were fantastic.
Salmon and Sole Dove were amazing.
The NY style pizza was tasty.  
Desserts were awesome.  I had their Lava Cake, Creme Brulee, some cream buff dessert, and their marshmellow gelato (which goes great a'la mode with the lava cake).  There was a brown dessert that looked like a chocolate flan....wasn't good.
Their chinese food in general was really good; just like most dim sum places.

Cons
Har gow skin WAAY too dry and thick, awful.  Still.
Chipotle chicken was, oddly, lacking flavor, even though it had been pretty much been swimming in chipotle sauce.  
Sliders were very dry; a disappointment
The uramaki selection (Sushi rolls) were thin on fish, heavy on rice.  
I didn't have their fresh ramen, but a friend had it and said it was undercooked.  It looked like it too; the noodles were stuck together.
The lines are insane between 6pm and 8pm.  

Etc
We were there for 3 hours; towards 8:30 the line to get in was gone.  So if you're willing to wait until then to eat, that's what I suggest.  

Overall, with the variety of food available, you can't really go wrong.  Sure there are going to be misses, but what you enjoy is going to be one of the best in terms of buffet quality.  

It was $60 for dinner on weekends (ouch!).  If you don't even bother with the crab legs or prime rib, I suggest going for lunch.  Usually they justify the dinner prices by adding prime rib and crab legs.  Otherwise most everything else is the same during lunch.When you've been here every time you've visited Vegas, you know it's the real deal. This place is great with small parties and large parties. Though there is a HUGE quantity and variety of food, most of it tastes really good. Even when I had vegetarian friends with me, they had PLENTY of options to try from. Sometimes the chef would even make the dish fresh with tofu and bring it to our table! 

Moral of the story: when in Vegas, go to Bacchanal. The end.Buffets are the best example of indulgence and depravity in Las Vegas and Caesars' buffet is one of the most popular.

The entrance fee is high at $60 for a Brunch table, but is well worth it just to witness the spectacle of food on display; my only regret is my meager stomach size.

Many buffets sacrifice quality for quantity, but the Palace doesn't suffer mediocrity. 

Just a few of their features:
On-demand sliced roast beef
Crepe maker
20 gelato flavors
Too much fudge
Candy jars, not just for display
Make-your-own charcuterie 
Juice bar
King Crab legs!

My personal favorite was the endless pork belly ^.^

The food is mostly restaurant quality to justify the cost, with almost no exceptions. From soups to seafood to meats to veggies to Asian fare to their island of desserts, anyone of taste would be hard pressed to not fill their plate(s).

It's almost a shame to get a cut of prime rib, take one bite, then throw the rest away.Everything is so GOOD! Well worth every penny! Would have gave 5 stars but the waiters were spread a bit thin and had a little trouble keeping up.Great food! Great service! Vanessa was especially helpful and friendly to make our dining experience even better.On our last Vegas trip, we wanted to try out Bacchanal before heading back to Cali because of the rave reviews. Luckily, the line to get in wasn't too long and the wait was bearable between 10:30 am - 11 am on a Thursday morning. We got luck because when we got there we were able to enjoy some breakfast items, as well as lunch items because they were in the mist of transitioning. I loved all the different food stations and cuisines. My favorite had to have been the mini pancakes, as well as the paella. I didn't want to stuff myself because I wanted to leave enough room for dessert. Even though at one point when we got up to get desserts, they cleared out our table even though we were not done, I told an employee right away and they right away got us situated again super fast and apologized for the inconvenience. Maybe they should come up with a system where customers turn a paper over or something to let them know they are done dining instead of playing the guessing game. Overall, definitely great food and would love to come back again!Overall an amazing experience... The wife and I decided to try something new, after watching the YouTube video, saying we were intrigued would have been an understatement. The service was impeccable, the mouth watering food was delicious, the best part was the dessert.. I haven't felt so content since I took my morning bath...A little pricey, but holy crap all the good food we got. My wife and I were on a road trip through Vegas and decided to stop for a brunch buffet. $50/person and well, ya, it was awesome.

Totally worth the variety, the quality was good, and the 1 1/2 hours we were there were well spent! The portions are small which are perfect since I always tend to overload on stuff I don't end up really liking much. Got to check out almost everything and went back for the 2nds, even better 3rds, 4ths, food coma break, 5ths..

The fresh squeezed juices, the asian food, the omelets, the meat and cheeses, the egg benedicts, french toast, the gelato. My wife loved the desserts: the hazelnut rumcake, the smores gelato.. 

Anyways, the menu changes constantly so I say if you're willing to pay the ticket to get in, and quality of buffet is worth it to you, you should check this place out!Starting off with the good...huge selection of food. We came on a Saturday night. King crab, snow crab, sushi, ramen, prime rib, brisket, sausage, charcuterie, salad blah, dessert; the crepes were amazing. Bigger selection than what I can remember at the wicked spoon. 

I was disappointed with the crawfish, the seafood wasn't as good as I thought it would be, the raw oysters weren't great quality but I get it, we're in a desert. Rock crab was ok and the King crab surprisingly wasn't as good either... And it was cut in half overall though it was very good the best buffet I've been to here in Vegas!!!!. The price is steep though and the wait is long but definitely worth a visit.It's been a while since I last went to Bacchanal Buffet.  The prices are a head-scratcher now since they only have 2 price options for brunch and dinner.  It's pretty messed up in my opinion but from a business sense I could understand why they're doing it since a lot of people usually came early for breakfast before and stuck around long enough for the lunch items, saving them money in the process.

Paying $40 for brunch seems almost ridiculous to me considering that just a while ago, dinner at the Wynn Buffet was $35.  At that price point, I really would rather just get a simple breakfast meal at Mon Ami Gabi or Bouchon.  Plus, I can't stuff myself silly as I used to when I was younger, so I really can't do buffets anymore.  Case in point, with this visit I only did 3 plates and called it a day.  But I definitely made sure that I got my money's worth.

First off, I made sure that I had plenty of cold pressed juices.  I think I had 4 bottles of their Hibiscus Berry Juice.  It was so refreshing and lightly sweetened.

On to the food plates.

1st Plate -- http://bit.ly/2kxIuTP
Bloody Mary Oyster Shooter, Veal Osso Bucco, Rolled Sole, Coconut Ceviche Shooter
The best thing on this plate was their veal osso bucco and it was amazing!  If I wasn't going to try anything else at Bacchanal, I probably would've had more of this.  The marrow was dangerously good and the braised veal was so tender.

2nd Plate -- http://bit.ly/2kxtdSO
Pickled Greens, Spicy Thai Beef, Poke Salad
I think with my second plate, I made a huge a mistake and had a huge amount of poke salad.  That immediately filled me up.

Because I was already reaching complete fullness after just two plates, I went straight to dessert.  And my dessert plate was loaded!!

3rd Plate -- http://bit.ly/2kxtq8t
Sugar Free Mango Pudding, Limoncello Sorbet, Ginger Gelato, Bonet, Exotic Fruit Sago, Green Tea & Sesame Seed Opera Cake
I'm not much of sweets person, but honestly, this was the best overall plate of food I had from the whole buffet.  Everything was good, but my faves were definitely the Limocello Sorbet and the Exotic Fruit Sago.  Both were very sweet and refreshing!

All in all, Bacchanal is still my buffet of choice on the Strip, just slightly edging by Wicked Spoon.  It's a still a great dining experience when you're with a group and the food selection is still great and extensive, but it's not one buffet that I'd rush back to visit again and again simply because it's become way too expensive.I first heard about this from a friend when he showed me a pic of his wait ticket for 465 minutes on Christmas Day. With almost an 8-hour wait, it must be good, right?

YES, OMG YES.

First off, you'll need to understand that food at buffets are never going to as good as a restaurant where they serve you one dish at a time. If you have that expectation, crush it because that's unreasonable, honestly. Secondly, I'm a little biased towards buffets. I've gone to tons of buffets since I was a kid so I always have a soft spot for the whole experience of loading up plate after plate with ridiculous piles of food until I feel like dying.

So Bacchanal? Definitely some of the very best buffet food I've had thus far in my 26 years of life. There's a ton of variety so I had tons of fun trying a little bit of everything. There's the section of Chinese food (includes dim sum and BBQ items), Latin American food (roasted pork, ceviche, etc), Japanese food (sushi!), typical American fare (burgers, fries, etc), seafood (crab legs, of course!), Italian charcuterie and cheese, and a bunch more that I can't possibly remember. I honestly felt a little overwhelmed, but in a good way! There's so many choices, and the food is all pretty well cooked so there's something for everyone in your group (unless someone you bring hates food). Personally, I think the best part is getting to try a little bit of everything because why would you want to limit yourself to just 1 dish. Why not 5? 10? 20?! One of my favorites was the ceviche (there were 2 kinds! shrimp and fish). I went back a bunch for that because it's hard to deny 2 giant colorful bowls of fresh seafood sitting there waiting to be eaten atop some crispy tostadas. Sushi was good; no real commentary about that except that I ate a lot of it. The crab legs obviously are a huge hit here, and I thought they were well-prepared. There were two kinds that night--the plain boiled snow crab and the Dungeness crab prepared in a sauce. While I liked them, I couldn't eat too much because my stomach is unfortunately (or fortunately, depending on how you look at it) rather small and ran out of room. Also, if you're a sweets fan, leave A LOT of room for dessert because there's a whole giant bar dedicated to just desserts. You can get typical cakes, pastries, and pies, but also a pretty large selection of gelato and made-to-order crepes. Pretty siiiiick.

This buffet is definitely more pricey than most, but I found the value well worth it for the variety and quality of the food. I went for dinner when they were doing their holiday meal pricing, so it was $60-something + we got all-you-can-drink too ($15), so per person was probably about $90-95 (includes tip)? Our waiter was incredibly attentive and funny, so that definitely made for a great experience on top of the yummy food. Note on the AYCD--you can't switch around on the different drinks. You have 4 choices where you can switch back and forth between 2 drinks of their choice. Like for example, the wine choice was between red wine and white wine. If you pick that as your drink choice, you can't jump from say... wine to beer. Honestly, the drink deal is a great deal if you can stomach a lot of food AND liquid. Drinks were running $10-15 a piece at the bar, so having about 2 drinks at least lets you break even. When in Vegas, amirite?!

I've decided that the next time I'm going to Vegas, I will make another stop here. I have terrible gambling luck so if I have to spend a lot of money, might as well be on the buffet of my dreamsThe food was excellent. Try the fried chicken and the lamb. As for deserts I loved the creme brûlée! 

Service was exceptional. 
**be sure to use the VIP pass when you check in on yelp, saved us a lot of time. 

The only negative thing I can say is the plates were going too fast to stay stocked. But what do you expect at a buffet like this? Go search for some in the slower areas like the cold seafood section.Really can not give this Buffett anything lower than 4 star just due to the shear amount of food provided. The services were good. The amount of people eating there was crazy but entertaining in itself.  The food was good but not really off the wall good. My favorite was the Peking duck and char su pork. Both flavorful and tender. The clams and mussels were excellent. The crab legs and shrimp were ok.  People seems to love it though. The meat selections n regards to the ribs and brisket, I felt was too tough. The lamb chop was too well done but probably due to the time it was kept warm.  But otherwise not too bad.  The dessert selection was very good love the gelatos.  It is at least worth one try. However if you have a particular craving would probably recommend finding a restaurant for that.  Especially if you can no longer eat like a teenager like me. CheersBe prepared to wait. I mean really WAIT to be seated unless you go after 8pm. Or you pay $25/person to cut through all of that.  For me, it took about nearly 2 hours.  I guess the wait times are pretty typical for a Vegas buffet. This place can be packed, but it's definitely worth it if you come hungry -- which you should considering the price and obviously a buffet.

They have a vast amount of offerings and are sectioned based on types of food such as seafood, Chinese, Mexican, Italian and all sorts of meats. What really stood this place out from the rest are their selection of meats. From ribeye, tri-tip steak, beef wagu, pork belly, etc...I enjoyed them. For the most part, their offerings are decent. I enjoyed their gelato, but was not a fan of the rest of their desserts. That's ok though. 

If you have the time and money, I say at least check this one out. I don't think you can go wrong with this buffet.Bacchanal is easily one of the best buffets in Vegas, if not the best.  

Want to save $$$?  Be sure to search for a coupon.  We got 2 buffet passes with a mimosa and a VIP line pass for 70 bucks I think from groupon.  The line pass had to save us 45 minutes at least.  If the deal isn't here... it's probably somewhere online.

I just won't say its the best because I haven't been to all of them and probably never will.  What makes Bacchanal different from the other buffets is size and presentation!  Any foodie knows the better food looks, the better it tastes!  Every station has an individual characteristic that makes the food feel special.  Individual pots for the ravioli, fry baskets for chicken and fries, plated hamburgers, individual selections of fresh juices... I could go on and on.  The sushi station was great because it had hand rolls, nigiri sushi, and regular rolls.  The best part: the nigiri sushi is served so you can get as many pieces as you want, not on individual plates like some other buffets which limit your ability to get a large quantity.  I didn't want this experience to end.Truly the buffet to compare all buffets to, at least in Vegas. A word of caution, this place gets packed really quickly, but if you're patient, wait in line and don't feed your rising hunger pains with tucked away snacks, then you will be rewarded with a feast fit for a king. The price of the admission is about $50-60, with an extra $15 to cover all alcoholic beverages. As soon as you enter the fantastic dining area, take a moment to pace yourself, walk around the 5-6 different main course stations to see which cuisine deserves a position in your stomach. They have great Asian food (take my word for it), petit salad concoctions, make-it-yourself taco stands, and an all-you-can-eat snowcrab leg stations with rock crab legs. Of course, there are the sushi station, the cheese and prosciutto station, the meat station (from ribs to lamb to chicken to sirloin), the soup (so much truffle love) and the Italian station. My favorite, however, is the dessert section, with so much amazing decorated, diabetes provoking deliciousness that made my sweet teeth tingle with excitement and my belly aching for belt-un-notching.

At the end of the day, if you are visiting Vegas, this is THE spot to visit for a day in gluttony. I'm not sure what the difference between lunch and dinner is, but def come to the dinner.

Food: 4 stars
Price: 4 stars
Service: 2 stars
Ambiance: 4 starsSo happy we picked this buffet!  Wicked Spoon has always been our favorite but we decided to give this a try. Solid 5. Enormous selection  and the food is really prepared well. Favorites included clams, shrimp and grits, brisket, scrambled eggs, and several desserts - exotic fruit dessert, hazelnut cake, egg custard, and orange beer ice cream, plus fresh squeezed juices.  Very good for brunch price.  Good service tooYummy food especially the desserts!!!
There are couple food id like to make a comment so maybe they can improve it.

Oysters were super fishy.
Ramen noodles broth was super salty.

Overall great experience!i will definitely go back!We've eaten here three times on this trip, and probably 15 times in total. Calling it a buffet is like calling a Porsche a regular car. Some of the best brisket I've ever had, and the selection is unbeatable. It's like 15 mini restaurants in a line. 

It's pricey but worth it.I never eat buffet, but in Vegas I make an exception. The food here has so much variety. If you want Mexican or Chinese or American this buffet has it. It works for everyone whatever there in the mood for.I wouldnt believe this was real unless I experienced it myself!I stumbled on the best macaroni and cheese I've had so far. Yes, this is a buffet but the food is far from what comes to mind when you think buffet. Nothing but quality and you do pay for it. The price is about 60 per person but well worth it. Nice prime rib, sole, very nicely Cooked lamb chops the list goes on from American, Italian to Asian and every section taste authentic. Im not even going to get into the array of deserts even creme Brulee and some descent Gelato. The oonly  thing I wasn't feeling was that the crab legs were on ice only thats not cool at all but they are already split in half for quick hassle free eating. Overall very nice job caesars! Worth the almost hour wait.Pretty good buffet overall, went here as our sole buffet splurge of the trip.

Went on a weekday around 215pm to get the cheaper lunch price for dinner entrees (price goes up by $15 per person after 3p). Line was a bit long, lots of folks have the same idea, so plan on leaving plenty of time (40-45min) unless u are a vip. No line around 4p after higher price kicks in.

Large groups get placed in a second line (after paying) so it can take a while to get seated, but its worth it as the larger tables are nice.

Lots of variety and hits being the fresh mexican taco grill, marrow, smoked pork belly, a honey-cream mousse kind of thing, and lots of folks pile on the high-value crab. 

One puzzling miss was the gelato, too soft/liquidy - need to get that fixed as almost everyone gets that. Also the cakes (red velvet, matcha cream) were average, so no need to waste calories on that.

Dim sum wasnt bad too, especially for a buffet.

This place has succumbed to some cost cutting over the years...juice isnt freshly squeezed, coffee is pedestrian, etc. But makes sense as caesars has been in bankruptcy proceedings.Really THE best buffet in Vegas.  Expensive, to be sure, but worth doing at least once in your life.  The prime rib was excellent when we went - as good as any steakhouse.  Go to the italian section for hot king crab legs.  And the desert section.... wow.Can't imagine that a buffet could be any better. Top quality dishes that are also creative and top restaurant quality. Worth the price tag. Line is reasonable compared to Wynn,Bellagio. I left the Bellagio line after reading the Yelp reviews and came here. Very glad I did.Absolutely insane buffet - definitely one of the best in Vegas! It's more expensive than most but they have a bigger selection including a whole fresh seafood section. The dim sum was great; the pork dumplings were phenomenal. And the pho was SO good, some of the best broth I've ever had. Worth the wait!Came here with my Girlfriend for a winter get away. Normally I'm a little weary of buffets, but this far blew away our expectations. All the food was succulent and we'll prepared. My favorite item was the ozzo bucco. So rich and decadent!The food at this buffet is AMAZING! Pretty pricy but considering the foods that are provided, understandable. VERY CROWDED! Lines can be anywhere from 45 minutes to 3 hours (depending on what times you go at). Exquisite food that is always changing on a day to day basis and AMAZING desserts :). Very good :)If you enter before 3pm for lunch price and stay until dinner would be good. 
They have raw oysters and love stone crabs.
Their Chinese dumplings suck so bad so I don't even get it. They have pho, ramen and these are ok.
Steaks are good but depend on what kind.
Lots of desserts but ice cream and crepes are only good.
I like their service so I would go there again but I only pick some nice dishes I only like.
This time I had Truffle soup and was great.
I was thinking about either 3 or 4 stars but since I would go there again, I decided to give them 4 stars but really 3.5 Stars.Excellent selection and price. They offer a kids menu price unlike many other high end buffets on the strip. I love the attention to details with their mini tasting plates. The warm dessert station with chocolate pecan pie was a nice touch. The lobster bisque, chilaquiles and fresh watermelon juice were unique and makes this buffet stans apart. The chef should be applauded!The wait system here can be a little confusing but I guess it's their way of being organized. So first, you will need to line up at one of the machines to check in and get a ticket. Then you wander around the area for approximately 40 minutes until you receive a text message or the time on your ticket is up so you then return to the buffet line and hand the worker your ticket, to wait in line for about 30 minutes. Once you get to the front of the line, you pay before entering and waiting in another line. After that line, someone will finally walk you over to a table. The wait can be long but it is understandable considering how busy they are and it is worth the wait!

The food here is great and they have so much variety! They range from asian food to Italian to american and everything in between. Make sure you don't fill up on one section because you want to get around to trying everything. They also have a little dessert island in the middle of the restaurant with endless desserts and gelato, yum! One star off for service because the workers here really are so rude but other than that, will be back!This buffet at Caesar's Palace is a must-try. The moment you walk in you are greeted with a medley of sights and smells to entice your eyes and taste buds. Instantly hit with the vibrants colors and aromas that would appeal to all sorts of palates. The selection of good eats is almost too much to take in. They have a section of Asian cuisine, Italian, Mexican, American barbeque, breakfast foods, and seafood. In the middle of the dining room is a desserts and bakery nook that has an assortment of all kinds of sweets that you would think came out of Willy Wonka's chocolate factory. I had only tried the lunch portion, but have heard even more rave reviews for the dinner selection, which I will definitely try next time I am in town. There's buffets, and then there's Bacchanal buffet which is on a level in and of itself.I personally think this is the best buffet on the strip. The only downside is the line, so be prepared to wait an hour or two. Or if you can get into the VIP or have Seven Stars, you can skip the line. So this is the famous buffet inside Caesar's Palace. As of March 27, 2017, self parking is free. 

I've been here for brunch and dinner.  Both have been amazing and nothing short of what I wanted. During brunch, you can pay an additional $15 for bottomless mimosas. Dinner food comes out at 3 pm. My fave here? The Bloody Mary oyster shooters. I may have had one or two too many. 

Servers are very attentive and everyone is courteous.  There's a Groupon for the brunch, so make sure to check that out for a good deal.One of the best buffets in Vegas. If you don't want to wait in line, you can buy an express pass to bypass wait.Definitely one of the best buffets in vegas! Great food and great service!  Our server Annette was super nice and very attentive. I loved the street taco station and a huge selection of delicacies. Highly recommended if you want to splurge.Although the wait was dreadful; great food. The selection was huge. Some of the reviews said that the food was just like any other buffet, but I disagree. Most of the food that they carried tasted very great in flavor and not bland. I wouldn't come again unless I'm ready to feast. The holiday prices are crazy but well worth it if you're with family.Omg! What can I say?!?!? Definitely an impressive spread & well worth the the price. I've been to many buffets & this is by far the best yet! There are 4 different stations (not including the desert station) with a large amount of choices at each one. Rack of lamb, various type ribs, prime rib, large assortment of seafood (hot & cold), sushi, noodles, Italian, & Mexican food. It was a HUGE spread. Loved the ice cream & macaroons more then Jean Philips Pastries. Thai tea bobbaPretty decent buffet, probably best I've been to but a little pricy. Get the crab legs apparently. Nice decor and service though.I am not going to go against the tide here. People love this buffet, I love this buffet, my family loves this buffet, all my friends that go to buffets love this buffet. 

We go just about every time we are in vegas and have time. Yes the lone is long but we usually pay the extra 25 a person to get express or if we are early I pop and audiobook on my phone and wait the line out.

Most recently the pork dumplings and the duck were just to die for. I went back for thirds. I had a crepe made with Nutella and cinnamon, topped with bananas and mixed fruit. I thought I had died and went to heaven.

Yes this is a buffet, but there is always a nice grouping of things here that are better than at most restaurants out there for even the same price. Believe me when I say the duck was out of this world. 

Thus is the number 1 dinner buffet in vegas. It is also the best dinner buffet west of the rockies. Nothing in Los Angeles compares.The ultimate buffet in Vegas! Love the ambiance, cleanliness and the unlimited champagne! We have been here 3 times for lunch and you would think we would get tired of it, but each time it seems to get better. The variety is insane everything is fresh and a lot of the items are made to order. The asian section is my favorite; stir frys, dumplings, bao, sushi, roti canai, pho and udon noodles are just some of the awesome dishes. I also love the dessert section, tons of options and don't forget to try the thai tea with vanilla gelato, amazing. So skip breakfast and get ready to eat!In previous years, it wasn't a Vegas trip unless you went to 1 or 2 buffets.  However, times have changed.  The days of going to your Circus Circus, or Stardust buffet, are over.  The abundance of not only good, but superb restaurants, is overwhelming.  The last few years, I strayed away from buffets and started going to these restaurants.  However, buffets are making a strong come back.  With your Wynn, Bellagio, Wicked Spoon, and of course, Bacchanal leading the charge. 
 
We came on Christmas weekend.  This meant there was a special holiday brunch/dinner menu.  Holiday pricing was $59.99 for brunch and $69.99 for dinner.  We came at brunch.  First, seating can be a little confusing if you're going with a group of 6 or more.  There is basically another line closer to the buffet room behind the regular cashier.  When you get there, you wait in a shorter line.  But, you don't pay there.  Basically, someone gets out of the line to go the cashier, and then goes back to wait again.  The wait, thankfully, wasn't too long.  I would have to say about 15 minutes total.  Not bad considering I've heard of wait times of 1-2 hours.
 
Now, for the food.  I can't believe I'm going to say this, but there was way too much food!  The selection is enormous and the plating was gorgeous.  You have your seafood station with different crab legs and cocktail shrimp to name a few.  There were also Mexican, Italian, and Chinese stations.  Not to mention salad, juice, and bread stations.  Some of the unique items were veal osso bucco, gnocchi, truffled potatoes, Chilaquiles, pork belly, and many different fruit juices.  Since this was brunch, of course they had  your omelet station, but I stayed away from that because I could get that at other places.  I also stayed away from the Chinese station, because I knew I couldn't try everything and I wanted to get the more unique dishes.  What stood out for me was the veal, the different salads, and churros and cronuts.  Now, those churros and cronuts weren't even in the dessert section.  The dessert section is a whole other story.  And a similar story.  The selection is quite extensive, but not only that, the desserts were absolutely scrumptious! 
 
Aside from the food, the service was phenomenal!  Jeff was the best by not only refilling our drinks, but he entertained the kids, just by being a great guy!
 
Because of the price, and my infrequent visits to Vegas now, I don't know if I'll be back any time soon.  Not to mention, I want to give the Wynn buffet another chance since they changed their menu up.  But, with than being said, I can't wait to cross Wynn off my list, so I can come back here again!Super happy.  Selections are endless. Many vegetarian options too!   Almost $130 for two.  Come empty.  We skipped lunch that day and just had breakfast.  No waiting at 5pm.  But when we left an hour later a huge line had formed.Let me say that we were in Vegas this Christmas and wanted to try the Bacchanal buffet for  Christmas day dinner.  I am glad I went super early and talked to one of the hostesses, who suggested I get a ticket at the Kiosk in front of the buffet for a time to come back for dinner.  I came back to the Kiosk at 11:30am, when it was operational, and got my time to return, which was 3:30pm.  However, they texted me at 2:30pm to come back for the dining experience.

Important suggestion:  If you are going at a busy time of the year, you need to get the ticket at the kiosk otherwise it was a 6-hour wait, yes, 6 hours.  That said, I returned to the buffet at 2:30 and had to wait 1 hour and 15 minutes to be seated.  Although there were tons of people waiting to eat, they only allowed so many people to dine as to not cause terrible lines at the food stations, which is a nice touch.   Once inside, we were promptly greeted by a pleasant server who continued to refill our drinks and cleaned the table of plates throughout our dining experience. 

I will limit my review of the food to this: Incredible.  By far the best buffet for variety and quality I have ever had.  I was truly impressed.  Although a bit pricey, especially for the holidays, I ate enough crab legs to offset the cost.  I would highly recommend.

I also don't understand why some people do not rate this buffet as good as you can.  I read many reviews about wait times, etc.  I say that is to be expected for this buffet.  You need to rate it on the quality of the food.Wow! I think that this is definitely one of the largest buffets that I have been to in my life.  They have literally everything you could possibly want from all sorts of ethnic groups of food such as european, mexican, asian, etc.  They have a large selection of seafood in the variety of ethnic groups and they have a large meat section with prime rib! They change up their desserts though, so you might have to go more than once.  Having a large group is always the way to go!  
*If you have a party of 6 or more, they will take you through to the group line, but note that you can only have a maximum of 3 credit cards charged for your entire group no matter how big it isGood place to take a date on or as a group. Hell you can go by yourself. Its worth it. Best damn buffet in Vegas. Tacos to Oysters. Everything is there. I recommend it. Line is long as hell like its a late night club so be prepare.  Damn good food and you won't regret it.  Good drinks and service.  My favorite joint and a must go to everytime I stop by in Vegas.The food was amazing. Went here on a quick trip to vegas around 12pm. The food the so fresh and well maintained. The place was extremely clean. The workers changed out the food very quickly. The selection was amazing. From prime rib to crab claws to sushi to pasta. None of the food was bland. Everything was very flavorful. Only wish the dessert selection was as good as the rest of the main food selection.Best buffet in Vegas,ask for hot crab legs .try to come before noon to save money.here you will eat galore.dont try others try Caesar'sThe best buffet in LV. Have a great time with family. Too expensive!!Delicious! Not only did everything taste great, but the presentation was appealing as well. I love that they don't make you stand in line for hours. Instead you sign in at an electronic kiosk, and you are given a ticket with a time to return. You also leave your number and they text you when it is time to return. 
Yes, it's pricey but worth it. The items they serve are not the typical buffet items. They had bone marrow, oysters, prime rib among numerous other meats at the carving station. 

For dessert they had made to order crepes and various gelato flavors. My favorite of the desserts we these small brownie bites that were served hot. Hot they do it I don't know, but they are plated already for you to grab and when you get back to your table and take a bite the middle is still hot. They were heaven!

When in Vegas check it out!This buffet was amazing! It was a bit pricey, but worth every penny. Luckily, we were seated right at the end of brunch 2:30 & dinner starts at 3pm. We paid the brunch price and were able to enjoy the dinner options. I loved the crab legs!!!Service is terrible. We we were sitting all the way in the back
 Manager was not professional and raised voiceGreat service.  Very crowded but very well organized buffet.  All the people working here is super nice, they look happy helping you. Food is very diverse and good depending on what you like. They have Asian food, Tacos, meat, ribs, sea food, pastries. 
Worth it the cost.Hands down the best buffet in Vegas. It's pricey but worth it if you can eat a lot. I think it was around $55-$60 for the weekend. They have variety of foods that you can eat from seafood (crabs, shrimps, scallops etc) to the meat (prime rib, sausage etc), sushi, Asian foods, little sliders etc. They all taste amazing. All my favorite foods are in one buffet. They also have cute little baskets for some of the finger foods like curly fries and all so good and crispy! Mhmm...The line can be ridiculous when it's closer to dinner time so make sure you get their early. Luckily my mom and I went around 3pm ish so the line wasn't too bad and we only had to wait 30 minutes and it was a Saturday. The dessert was also delicious!! So many different desserts....the small cakes and ice cream were all very delicious. They also had little cake pops too and they were cheesecake flavor!!! AHHHHH my mouth is getting watery thinking about all the good food I got to eat this past weekend. This place is my go-to buffet place when I'm in Vegas! :)I come here for the crab legs. They steam it right in front of you. Theyre so fat and juicy too. Just the crab legs alone is worth the price. They also offer ramen and pho cooked to order. Impressive.Loved this buffet!  Everything I had was on point - rack of lamb, fresh oysters, Asian station, dim sum, ube dessert, azuki bean dessert, etc.SO MANY OPTIONS. The wait for dinner was a pain (get their early!!) but food was worth it. Mostly, the desserts stole my heart. They offer so many options, and I wanted to try every single dish but my stomach was about to explode by the end! I have tried almost all their desserts though! Most of them were all super.Huge buffet.  Way too many choices.   But still a lot of fun.  Be sure you pick only what you really want.  Otherwise they'll have to roll you our in a wheelbarrow.  This time, I was good & only had 1 plate.  But,  I had a really hard time deciding on a dessert.Very clean and organized, their food selection was not bad. You have a mixed variety of food, from American, Italian, Latino, Asian, and Seafood food. Everything tasted above average, but I was not impressed with their seafood selections. Snow crabs looked so depressing, dirty and nearly any. It is served cold, so if you want them to steam it, take it to where they serve the pizza. I think we came on a bad day.

Dessert bar was awesome, they have a wide selection from gelato to cookies, crepes, candies, etc... I definitely will come back. $50ish a person for dinner, so come on an empty stomach.Well - this buffet is the buffet to ruin me for all other buffets. I loved that most items were pre-plated in small individual portions that felt perfect, so as to allow trying as many items as possible. 
My highlights were the coconut ceviche shooters, the mini bottles of fresh juice and the myriad delights at the desert displays. 
Great service except for maybe one guy slicing meat - who was a little annoyed with too many questions, but maybe he was just having an off day. 
We left feeling sufficiently satisfied- but not overly so - success!!Wow, their selection is HUGE. There is so much to choose from, I don't know where to begin. There's even an entire taco bar and meat carving station. Pretty cool!

I was able to make it in just before dinner started on a Saturday. So I was able to pay brunch price ($8 cheaper than dinner) but get dinner items ;) Surprisingly, the wait wasn't long at all - maybe 10-15 mins? But my group did go at an odd hour (just before 3pm, which is when dinner begins).

Standouts were the truffle gnocchi (delicious truffle flavor!!) and the prime rib (tender and juicy). The eggplant tofu from the Chinese section was surprisingly good, too. As for desserts, the creme brûlée was my favorite!

Everything else I tried was decent, but not noteworthy. The pork belly was way too salty. The sushi was pretty average.

Next time I'd actually like to try their brunch/lunch items haha.One day, after being tired of eating the same mediocre buffets in Vegas, I decided to Yelp the top buffet in Vegas and this place popped up.  I was baffled by what kind of buffet cause at least $50/ person but I decided to give it a try and it might've been one of the best decisions of my life. The spread at this buffet is unbelievable; they have a section dedicated to Asian food (with a noodle bar), pastas, Latino food (with a street taco bar), breads, American food, carving station, and all the seafood your heart desires.  All the food come in small plates and portions, so it makes it easy to ration out your food while still being able to enjoy a taste of everything.  Every time you go, it's a different menu.. and honestly, I can't remember single items that are good because usually everything I eat there is amazing.  I'm not much of a seafood fan but if you do enjoy seafood, I know that people just get plates and plates of crab legs, which definitely makes your meal worth it.  The secret my dad has discovered is that they serve hot crab legs near the Asian section, so get your crab legs there rather than the cold display of crab.  The last time I went was on Christmas and they had a special Christmas dinner and I was almost overwhelmed but more satisfied with the vast variety in their menu.  Just some specific foods I should mention: go check out their noodle bar!  The man has a pot divided into four sections that is boiling different soups- pho, udon, and I think another one was an Indonesian noodle.  Then make your way over to the street taco bar and basically you can eat cheap but delicious street tacos in the luxury of this bougie buffet.  Another dish worth noting is the paella from the seafood section.  I've only had this during the Christmas dinner but the dish is SO flavorful and I dream about it some nights  There's so many more delicious dishes but you really just have to go for yourself to experience it.  Don't forget to visit the dessert bar after you're done because WOW you'll be amazed.  They hand make crepes and serve gelato, all different kinds of cakes, cookies, pretty much anything you can dream of.  A dessert that has been there repeatedly are there chocolate strawberries, but on top of the chocolate, they dip the strawberries in candy bars and crunchy things and it makes the strawberries that much better.  This buffet is pretty pricey, maybe up to $60-70 for dinner time but I think it's so worth it for one dinner while in Vegas.  If you go during brunch time on the weekends, you can add bottomless mimosas for $6!!This place is expensive! But it sure was worth every single penny that I paid for to eat here. They have a whole lot of selections of different cuisines! I was most impressed by their seafood orzo. That was crazy good! The beef tacos, cheeses, BBQ pork and dim sum are also really good. Their dessert options are to die for! Thank god they had creme brulee and mango mousse! I will be coming back here without questionWe were here on a Thursday in December. The lines were super long to get in, but I understand this is typical of buffets in Vegas. The lines were also super long inside for the seafood station. I would recommend purchasing the all you can drink beer/wine/champaign option. Our server was a terrific bar tender because she kept the drinks coming! The food options were great! The lamb chops, crispy pork, and bone marrow were delicious.Top of the line, no-doubt, easily, the best, and the most awesome-est buffet I've ever been too. I've been to enough buffets around to know that I can definitely settle down here for awhile.

The diversity of food goes a long way here. They have everything. Literally everything. I probably had like three slices of the prime rib before I realized that there's like the whole other half of food selections located in the back room. Dim sum, Italian, Chinese, American, you name it! It's all there. 

The presentation of these foods are very unique and attracting. Like for example the fries and wings come in their own little fryers - or even the ravioli and the fried calamaris come in their own little plates.

Does not end there because no matter what, there's also room for dessert. Desserts here are, what my cousin argues, "the best thing here". I didn't have much of a sweet tooth at the time but I would say that some may even agree. There's the white chocolate thing, the cream cheesecake cake pop, ice cream, tiramisu, and the list goes on. Grab me a spoon. 

Pricing is definitely big on this one. For a Saturday night, the total is over $65 a person. That's almost enough for the all-day buffet bracelet. Both have its ups and downs but it's best to try the best of both worlds. 

Coming back next time I'm in Vegas!I ate here yesterday and the food was delicious.  So many options to pick from and each one looks more appealing then the next one. The quality of food was wonderful. It is definitely one of my favorites and i plan on coming back.Service was great and friendly. Food was in abundance. The food and juices were excellent. I'd mix the mimosas and the fresh watermelon juice together.Do this once and get it out of your system. Best buffet ever? No. Impressive? Yes. Lots of food and variety? Yes. Ridiculously priced? Yes. Gorge city? Yup.

I love buffets. I love to eat. But I love to eat really good food. If you're looking for quantity, this is your place. Shit ton of food everywhere and a good variety. Is the food amazing? No, it's pretty average. The amount and variety of food is impressive but the quality is ok. It's one of those places you have to try once.... and that's it. I loved the Italian section with the fresh cheeses and the pastas dishes were not bad. My favorite part was the fresh squeezed juices (carrot and cucumber) available. 

They have a sushi station, breakfast area, lunch bites, seafood galore, italian section, chinese/asian specialties area, and a huge ass dessert station (more like a quarter of the room). great for a hangover.This is by far one of the best buffet I've had at Vegas on the strip. It is located in Cesar palace hotel and casino section. If you end up at the mall section of the resort just walk over and you'll be able to find it with the signs and everything.

Getting a seat here is easy, but the wait can be very long. Depending on the time, that's the food they are serving. I usually like to go for dinner because they do add more variety to the buffet, such as oysters and crab legs. 

I went during their "brunch" time and paid roughly around 50 something. This buffet has so much choices and it's all fresh. My favorite things on here would be the dessert and the seafood section. Their Mexican "street tacos" is super good! Totally love it! 

I can't emphasize on how great the dessert is. The best dessert I do love is the rice pudding. Another great thing is something called Thai bubble. It's ice cream with chocolate bark and I think some dessert pearls. 

I totally recommend coming here for dessert, esp during dinner.The Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's Palace is one of the highest rated buffets in Vegas. For our last meal in Vegas (that wasn't a pre-airport Shake Shack trip), we decided to have brunch here. You put your name on the waitlist using one of the touchscreen machines. It'll spit out a ticket for you and an estimated time frame to return to the hostess to get on the real line. We put our names into the machines and were quoted a 45 minute wait. 10 minutes later we were called back via text, which was pretty cool. 

The real line took about maybe 15-20 minutes, which wasn't long compared to the wait time we had at the Wicked Spoon on the first day of our trip. I have to say the selection of food here is a lot larger than say, the Buffet at the Bellagio or Wicked Spoon. There are a lot more options. In particular, I liked how the crab legs were pretty much already cracked open so it didn't take a lot of work from us. 

The desserts here were pretty sad, however, which is something I've noticed in a lot of buffets. The ice cream section was a nice touch, but the regular desserts were pretty meh. 

Service was not as attentive as the other buffets we went to, but I guess that's what happens at such a large buffet. 

All in all, if you're looking for a larger selection, this one might be for you. If you ask me which buffet was the best, I'd probably go with the Wicked Spoon.We went for the weekday brunch. Hands down the best buffet I have ever been to. We did the unlimited champagne for $15. Well worth it. Our waiter was excellent and made the experience very enjoyable.Absolutely incredible buffet! We went here twice during our stay. Food is fresh, flavorful, and with such a great variety! We don't eat seafood and yet there were still endless choices. We did wait about 40 min for dinner and 15 for lunch. So, not bad at all an surely worth it. 

Lunch is a bit different than dinner, if you do get there at change over time the really fresh dinner options come out closer to around 4:00 I noticed. 

Major hits: Any of the BBQ, truffle mushroom soup, street tacos, little container of nachos, Thai spicy beef, juice bar, sweet potato tots, creamed corn, the entire dessert section! You have tip try the Thai ice tea ice cream cup with boboa!!! 

Misses: Servers can be very slow. And, noticed a bunch of clean, available tables ready that sat empty for a long time even while the mine was long.Absolutely amazing! I have gone here multiple times but ONLY WITH THE GROUPON! Idk about you but I can't afford this place without it.. so thankful a deal is available because this place is on my mind all the time. The service is great also, always friendly and happy.WOW! I'm not going to lie, it is pretty pricey, $54.99. But the service, the atmosphere and the vibe and especially the food are amazing! I've never seen baby lamb rib at buffets and they had it! Absolutely amazing! Definitely worth the money and the visit!Service was amazing for the lunch. Our server was attentive and never had to ask for anything as she was very proactive in realizing what we needed.

Seafood selection was limited but alright. It was more mixed with carbohydrates which I wasn't fond of. I was expecting more than just crayfish and prawns and mussels in selection. It would be nice to see salmon, oysters, and some lobster too.

Dessert that were pastries was very limiting. Sure there were a lot of baked good but it was all cakes.

Variety in food was issue but it was all good.Soooo yummy!!! I think that it was about 40 bucks a person on lunch before 3pm. I would avoid the seafood upon return but everything else was really good.The best buffet in Vegas hands down! Pork belly - good! Crepes - good! Prime rib - good! There wasn't anything not to like! Well actually I take that back, the long wait I can do without!This is the most popular buffet in Vegas. The wait was about 45 minutes on Saturday when we arrived at 6. Once we were seated the atmosphere was great, beautiful decor. There are over 500+ dishes available so you have lots of choices. The first few plates of sea food were amazing! Had shrimp, oysters, crabs. They cut the crab shells in half or have slits in them so you won't need a cracker. It was pretty cool, first time I've seen that. I also had lamb and ribs which were good as well. There was also a taco station, dessert bar, and Asian selection. The only reason it is now 5 stars is the price. At 75$ a person it is very pricey but I feel like the value is not there. For that price I would want everything to be amazing. All the food was good but not great. I guess that happens when you have so many dishes and don't specialize in one type of cuisine. Anyways, it was a great experience! Would recommend to everyone!Still my favorite buffet in Vegas. It's on the pricey side compared to the other Vegas buffets but the quality of the food and the atmosphere is worth the up charge.CRAB!

I'm a crab lover. I love meat, and I love variety. Ceaser's has it all at their Bacchanal Buffet. 

The crab was easy to crack. They pre cut quite a bit. Beef ribs, wagyu beef, a little bit of everything for everyone. Foods from all over the world. 
 
Delicious - Yes
Cleanliness - Yes
Service - needs help
Overall go at least once. Ceasers in general is a beautiful place. 

Tip:
If you're a big eater and wasn't all you can eat for 24 hours at 5 buffets ask about it when you go.A little pricey but the food is very high quality for a buffet it has an array of noodle stations drink stations meat stations etc. the presentation is nice definitely a must try if you are in vegasPersonally I think #2 buffet in Vegas. They have everything you can think of and their version is great! Beautiful dessert spread. Seafood. Chinese food. American. Italian. Pretty typical buffet food but just great quality stuff and massive amounts of it.What an incredible buffet!  Although we thought it was higher priced before going in, we were so impressed by the food, selection and service.  They even had my favorite bread pudding you can customize with toppings.  What a wonderful experience...highly recommend and will definitely go back.OMG!!! Great selection, great food, great price for what you get!
The line can get long, but there are definitely times when there is almost no wait; but, the wait is worth it. Pastries, desserts (including sugar free), a meat carving station, seafood, pizza, omelettes, Asian, street tacos, breads, etc. I will definitely come back to this one again.Very long lines and the food is subpar. I was a little disappointed after the fact that it's not really worth the 2.5 hours of wait. Still prefer the prime ribs at the buffet in Wynn. Probably will not come back and go through the wait again. Overall, it's just a buffet and nothing in particular that is worth the wait.It's a good pain.  Really, it is.

Where to start on this monstrous buffet?  I ate so much food the pain lasted hours (my fault... gluttony is part of the Vegas experience, right?).  

Let's make this simple.

The great:
- the sausage selection (brats to spicy sausage)
- the prime rib
- the sesame balls
- the custard buns
- the creamed corn
- the KC BBQ sauce
- the mint fudge (soooo good)
- the macaroons (start with these)
- the chocolate covered strawberries
- the overall selection (if you can't find something you like, you don't like food)

The good:
- the macaroni and cheese
- the truffle gnocchi
- the sushi
- the sweet potatoes
- the crab legs
- the lasagna
- the bread pudding
- the creme brûlée
- the banana pudding

The Meh:
- the braised beef
- the sea bass
- the green beans
- the cookies
- the carrot cake
- the key lime pie
- the salted caramel cupcake
- the service.   (Nice but slow)

The bad:
- the Taro cake (yuck!)
- the pumpkin cheesecake pop
- the fact that I discovered the crepe station AFTER I was slipping into a food coma.   Curse you stomach limitations!! *shaking fist in the air*

Yes... I really did eat all of this.   I hit the wall and suffered, but the pain (and the price of the buffet was worth it).  When I come back (and I will on the next trip) I will tackle more of the Asian and Italian selections.

I can see why this Buffett won awards over the Bellagio Buffet.  It raised the bar on buffet quality and selection.Great selection and waitstaff is very attentive! Best dining experience I've had in Vegas so far, which was surprising since it's a buffet!This is my favorite buffet in LV. There is so much variety and the service is great! I tend to go for the desserts, but I think small plates and meats are worth checking out too. 

BEFORE YOU GO: make sure you know the wait time and the hours of lunch/dinner. Even if you're in line for lunch, and the time passes to dinner time, they will still charge you the dinner rate!!! Be prepared to stand in the line to pay, and then the line to get seated.If you are a fan of buffets, well this is one you got to try. It's for those who really love to eat! There were so many selections to pick from that it's really overwhelming!

First off, I'd recommend to go as early as possible, especially if you are going with a group. The line gets really long. We went on a Saturday evening and it was jammed packed with patrons waiting to get in. Cost was $57.99 without tax and tip. So as you can see, very pricey. As soon as you get to the front of the line, someone asks for the amount of people in your party and then has a hostess take you to your table as soon as one opens up for your party. 
After getting your things down and settled, then it's off to check out the array of food. 

To me there was just too much to choose from. Anything from Japanese sushi, Chinese stir fry, Vietnamese pho, Italian pizzas and pastas, salamis cheese, Mexican choices, a large carnivore meat section with prime rib, ribs, chicken, lamb, and much, much more. Too much for me to remember and retain! It was all too overwhelming for me. You feel like you want to try everything but then there's not enough room on your plate. There were simple mac and cheese, onion rings, white rice side, brussell sprouts, and much more. On the seafood side which had the longest line with consideration of the meat line, there was shrimp for shrimp cocktail, longuinista, clams, snow crab legs, crab claws, oysters. 

After getting what I wanted which all ended up on 3 separate plates, it was just hard to figure out where to start! I mainly at the meats and the crab legs. My husband was kind enough to crack those shells for me so I could just eat and enjoy. You could say I had my fill of crab legs that evening. I didn't eat as much meat as I thought I would. In the end we were super stuffed. But wait a minute! There was still desserts! Yes desserts was pretty crazy too. An area set alone just for the desserts! All different types. If you have a sweet tooth then this was a fabulous treat! There were an assortment of gelatos, blueberry cheesecake, flan, creme brulee, raspberry cheescake, cake pops, assorted cupcakes, assorted fudge, chocolate mousse, chocolate or matcha covered strawberries, fresh fruit, and much more that I can't remember the names to. I have posted a lot of pics of the wide selection but yet just can't remember the names of most. Too many to remember and too many pics to be taking with so many people in the area trying to get their fill of the wonderful array of desserts. 

I would highly recommend this buffet if you love to sample different types of foods and if you are a foodie. I am a foodie and love to eat! I will definitely go back when back in Las Vegas.Glad I finally had a chance to try this buffet out. Great variety and loved the watermelon fresca.Small wait time but the line moved fast! The waitress was very attentive and knowledgeable. All of the food stations were organized and well stocked. The juices were fresh - standout was the watermelon. All of the seafood was phenomenal - go for the crab and shrimp. My favorite station is Italian and fresh cheeses. No other buffet in Vegas comes close to this one!I am HUGE FAN!! Who cares if its pricey.. it totally worth it. First place and last place we hit up when in LV. The breakfast is awesome! Mexican flavors on point. The dinner is wonderful as well. This place is a buffet experience that wont disappoint. Try the salsas. Try the seafood (the mussels are amazing). The meat. The dim sum. The pasta. The sushi. Take your time and enjoy!!! Bacchanal is for lovers.. Food Lovers!My husband and I came here two weekends ago on a Saturday for dinner.  It was our first time.  My good friend Gustavo recommended this place.  It's kinda pricy but worth it!!!  They had an abundant variety of delicious food from Asian, Italian, Mexican  and American food.  My husband was very pleased and so was I.  Everything was tasty.    I just wish they had more variety of shrimp and was hoping they would serve lobster.  The decor was beautiful and the restaurant was very clean.  Our server Guadalupe was wonderful.  She definitely provided exceptional service with a smile.  Thank you Guadalupe! I did approach Michael the manager (who was pleasant also) about how wonderful Guadalupe was I hope she was recognized.  We will most definitely come to this fabulous buffet again on our next trip to Vegas.  Thanks for everything!Jeez, I don't know where to begin with this review. 

First of all, the intricate details that go into the interior of this buffet blew my mind. You will marvel at not only the aesthetic presentation of the food but also the upscale design of the buffet itself. I was mind-blown during my entire three-hour pig-out session at Bacchanal this past Monday. Imagine any type of food you could possibly want. You name it. Bacchanal's got your back; it sure had mine. 

This buffet is like an eclectic haven of cultural dishes: sushi, tacos, dim sum, eggs benedict, ramen, udon, pasta, etc. The list goes on and on. I think it's amazing that a buffet could hit nearly every cultural taste, not to mention the aesthetics and enriching flavor that go into play for the dishes. Nearly each dish was of superb quality in terms of taste and presentation. I've tried most of the dishes there, and Bacchanal has not failed me. 

And, the dessert bar. Wow. I was overwhelmed by the wide selection of desserts they had: gelato, cheesecake, tiramisu, etc etc. And, let me tell you. I sampled a good amount of the desserts. They were bomb, especially the cheesecake. 

I could rave on and on about this buffet, but I'll stop here. I recommend every dish/dessert at this buffet. I think the price and wait is worth it. 

Regarding prices: 
7:30am - 10am: $29.99 + tax
10am - 3pm: $39.99 + tax 
after 3pm: $54.99 + taxThis is about a $50+ buffet. Food was good. Selection was great. Depending on your food allergies it is going to be a hit or miss but there were a lot of options. We went for breakfast and definitely ate a good portion. However I am not sure it was worth the $50 we paid. Service was OK but nothing fantastic.Yummy. 

This place had a lot of variety of food to chose from which is always a plus. Only bad thing about this place is the never ending line. Lucky for us, our friend is a seven star so we got the crab legs delivered to our table but everywhere else, the line was so long. Maybe it was because I went there on a super busy weekend...then again when is it a not a busy weekend in Vegas. It is definitely worth a visit if your staying in Caesars but I would not wait in that long line to eat their food.The best buffet I've ever had in Vegas and believe me, I've had a lot.

The thing about this place is that everyone else knows it's great too so be prepared to wait. We waited about an hour, yes, an hour for a buffet, but it's so worth it.

The inside is colors with cremes and light blues. Very calming.

Once seated I immediately ravaged my way through so many crab legs which were cut in half for me- no messy cracking.

They have dozens of different cuisines. If you don't like anything on the buffet then I'm not really sure what to tell you.

The service in true Vegas fashion was extraordinary. Out of all the buffets I've gone to this is definitely the most expensive but my gosh it's worth every penny.We'd been trying to make our way down here for a while, and finally made it happen with a Groupon and a day off on the middle of the week. Boy was it worth it! So many amazing foods to choose form and the flavor a of everything was mind blowing too. So. Good!The Bacchanal is said to be the best buffet in Vegas...well, it definitely is! The selection is huge and the service is top notch. Bacchanal literally offers everything that you can think of and the quality of the food is great, nothing like typical buffet food. The ambience is a modern classic with clean lines and very neutral/calming tones. All and all an excellent dinning establishment and worth the money! Think of it as the "Rolls Royce" of buffets.I was told the best way to eat in Vegas is to try their buffets, so we went to try Bacchanal buffet and I honestly loved it. We went for brunch on a weekday, so it was I believe $40 each or around there. They seat based on a first come, first serve basis, but they seat you quickly. They have such a wide variety, but my favorite was the lobster bisque with poached egg, others being the dimsum, my boyfriend loved the pho, even more than actual pho spots haha. I don't eat red meat, so I can comment too much about it. Just trust! They have such good food. I definitely recommend it!!Best buffet in Vegas! Got a groupon and it was worth all of it. There is always a huge line, so get there early. The groupon for weekend brunch said to get there before 10am, there is a 5 min grace period, after that you wont be able to get in. The groupon provided a VIP line pass, so we only waited like 10 min. It was excellent!! The food was delicious, probably the best dimsum in town. The desserts were amazing, they had almost like a gelato store! The cashier looked at your ID when we paid and she automatically wrote down it was my bf's birthday. The waiter brought a very pretty dessert w a candle. Best experience ever. Make sure you tip the waiter! Dont be douches, im pretty sure if you can afford paying 50$/ person for the buffet, you can tip extra 5$/person.Things I did not like- the seafood, the Mexican ceviche had no flavor whatsoever and some of the Asian food was to salty. The dessert bar needs jellow, everything else is great. Beautiful buffet to go for special occasions. Limit 2 hr for eating and if you go in bigger groups they take u in sooner.Best buffet on the strip! i came in january (off peak season) on a weds afternoon at 4:30pm and there was no wait. they start serving dinner at 3pm, so if you'd like to skip the lines, i would recommend dining at an earlier time. The dining room is spaciously laid out and very comfortable. service is attentive. If you HAVE to wait, go explore the shopping area of caesars palace, or take a nap poolside (that's what we did) :D

choose wisely what you eat..
there's a lot to choose from and it's easy to be swooned by the individual sized baskets of fried calamari, onion rings and fried chicken but beware! they're delicious, but best to share these.. 

the stars of the show are definitely the raw oysters, king crab legs, seafood salad, prime rib, oxtail, nigiri sushi platter, paella, and THE DESSERT BAR. 

do yourself a favor and take a walk around the dessert bar BEFORE you eat everything else. It'll help you gage how much room to save for dessert, and trust me, you'll want to. this is by far the most beautiful spread of sweets i've seen at a buffet. everything is made with meticulous care. My favorites are the black rice pudding, matcha cake, warm pecan pie (add a scoop of gelato on top!) and chocolate covered strawberries. 

even if you hate buffets (i'm not usually a fan), this one is worth a try!Decking time around, 6 pm on a Saturday. And man!!! What a mistake lol. We had to wait 2+ hours to get seated, and we didn't think we would be in jeopardy of missing our 9pm concert, but we were.

The system is kinda jacked up, I know they are trying their best but you got different VIPs going through on the left, big groups of 8+ on the right, groups of 2 maybe faster than 3-5...

Anyways we waited a long time, I guess that made the food even better, but we had to rush. The service is great though.

I tried a lot of things including, brisket, sausage, dim sum, Korean BBQ (galbi), mac n cheese, mashed potatoes, baked beans, pork ribs, beef ribs, fried rice, steamed crab legs, cold crab legs, stone crab, and shrimp, and crawfish, and some deserts.

My favorite was the Korean BBQ and beef rib, my least favorite might have been the cold stuff or the crawfish, seemed like dead crawfish. And the cold stuff felt like icicles on em.

But the rest of the food is really good imo, still probably the best buffet in town.This is by far the best buffet in Las Vegas in my opinion. There is a huge variety of food to choose from. Highly recommend coming to this buffet when in Vegas!!Soooo many good things it hurt!!! 

I generally don't like buffets at all. They are always about "quantity"... Huge selection of below average tasteless cold greasy food. Bachannel has QUANTITY (as in variety) and QUALITY.  

Seriously - there are several dishes at this buffet which are so good that it's impossible to not have a second helping. A few of these items are: 

Udon - super flavorful broth. 
Crab legs - perfectly chilled w/ lemon & butter.
Raclette cheese - paired w/ multigrain bread.
Poke - fresh, citrusy, and spicy.
Pizza - crispy crust and a zesty sauce.
Kobe beef sliders - not overly cooked. 
Crepes - Made to order. Nutella goodness.

I've had this buffet 5 times now and I still haven't been able to taste everything. They have large sections containing a variety of dishes for whatever you maybe in the mood for:
Seafood section - cold and hot
Carved meat section
Italian 
Mexican 
Chinese 
Traditional American 
Cheeses and breads 
Salad bar 
Soups / noodles 
Sushi - only section I'm not impressed with 

Deserts - their selection is huge along with a made to order crepe station and a gelato station. If they had chocolate covered strawberries, it would be desert heaven!Our party had 6 people and they have a separate line for bigger parties so we were seated probably within 20 minutes of us getting there. We went for dinner and there were so many different varieties of food to choose from. There were some that were hit or miss but overall, it was good compared to other buffets in Vegas. If you are a small party, expect to wait around an hr if you go around four ish but if you go any later, probably more so be ready to wait.Absolutely beautiful and incredible. 

What's the most amazing part? The little things and all the individual dishes/parts in such a big buffet are still perfectly executed.