I used to be one of those who didn't care much about a hotel room.  Telling myself, I just need a place to sleep, I'll hardly be in the room anyway.  Just so happens that the Aria  was having a deal when I stayed there, $102 a night with taxes. Resort fee is about $32 a night additional with a $150 security deposit on the credit card.
When I got to the room, I was blown away by the view.  The curtains were controlled by either the tablet provided by the hotel, or the switch near the restroom door.  I had a pretty good view of the vegas highway(spotted the In and Out burger in the distance), tmobile arena, the pools, and the monte carlo.
I like how the restroom has BOTH a tub and a shower.
I had the king bed which was VERY comfortable and the two chairs, perfect for just taking in the view.  

Going back to the tablet, It was very handy for shutting the curtains without getting up, setting alarms, and ordering room service if you wanted.

 It was nice too that the Vdara is like a two minute walk from this hotel since I had friends staying there, literally connected by a walk way.
The strip is easily accessed from the lobby and at the Casino is what I'd expect, but nothing stood out.

After staying here, I'm newly converted to needing a higher end hotel when visiting Vegas.  It just completes the whole experience to me. After a day of endless walking and site seeing, standing in casinos, it's nice to relax in such an awesome room I'll definitely be back.During a three-night stay, we found the location to be ideal for our meandering. Definitely enjoyed the choice of restaurants and entertainment options. The casino size and variety exceeded expectations. Check in was the fastest we've experienced in Vegas. The room was ultra contemporary and with the blinds closed, you'd not easily guess you are in Vegas. High-tech too, with everything controlled from a bedside iPad--lights, curtains, room service, tv, music. Loved the touch of turn down service with the chocolates. The only negative was a lack of water pressure in the shower, but the water temperature stayed consistent unlike some other hotels here. The Cosmopolitan remains my favorite here but this is a very close second.Beautiful hotel. The ambience in this hotel is very high-end very modern restaurants also very good here I enjoyed my stay at would come back againThis is a review for the excellent customer service that my friends and I received when we were picking up our badges for CES 2017. We walked in and followed the sign and the crowd. We walked up to the desk where they were handing out the badges and we were surprised at how nice each and every amplitude was. They gave us our badges and engaged us in some funny conversations that made badge-pickup not seem like a chore. They were really nice and they answered all of our questions. They even handed us pamphlets and books and complemented us on the 5+ Years ribbon on the badge. It was great, it was great. Loved it.Definitely got my money's worth here. Food is overpriced though, look elsewhere, but if you're in a time crunch, it's still pretty decent food. 

Girls - makeup remover, q tips for that eyeliner and shower caps to protect your hair included! 

Amenities - great features here. Pool for sun bathing and a quick dip, check. Gym for in between buffet breaks, check. Close parking, yes it's paid parking now :( but it's so close! 

Service - housekeeping definitely were great and didn't mind me working while they cleaned. They asked if I need other things, which was super nice. Most of the employees who visited the room were ultra nice and well mannered. I have had ok experiences with the other folks, nothing too terrible. 

Room - spacious and no issues during my stay on the 51st floor besides the other quests. If it's 12am, why you gotta be loud? It's like me being loud at 8am in Vegas. Please be mindful.so we were there for 4 nights, the place is beautiful and the property is amazing . the casino is very hard you literally cant win but this is luck u can say any thing about it is all luck the rooms are great and very clean they have a small fridge and have some few snuck DO NOT TUCH 
is very expensive the leady in the front desk try to charge me for item that we did not used and then she say its like a sensor that if you lift the item it charge automat . by the end of the day the place  is great we have a good time and it was funMy 2nd favorite hotel in Vegas! This is one of the most beautiful hotels in Vegas. Love the decor and restaurants in here. We stayed here for my birthday and had a great stay. 

PROS
-great location
-clean, spacious, beautifully decorated rooms
-love all the art inside the hotel
-excellent staff and room service
-nice buffet
-plenty of nice restaurants to choose from inside hotel
-great amenities


CONS
-can't think of any???Love the Aria! This is my second time staying here and you can't beat the quality of service. Our room is on the 32nd floor, overlooking mountains. It's nice to wake up to gorgeous desert views. The bed is incredible comfortable and the bathroom is huge complete with a tub. What a magical place to stay while you're in Vegas!I've only ever stayed in the Aria while in vegas and I have no problem coming back to it every time. 

It is clean, modern, and one of the fancier hotels on the strip. Great restaurants all around and the staff is always professional and polite. 

Room service, the mini bar and anything else is expensive as hell, but it IS Vegas. There is a CVS located just around the corner to pick up cheaper snacks and a 6 pack of water for about $3. 

Their many pools are AMAZING and generally not overly busy.

The buffet is also pretty damn solid as is their 24/7 Aria Cafe. 

The casino is nice as well filled with lots of classic and new machines and their air filter system seems to work much better than the others so it doesn't smell like cigarettes and car air fresheners like the rest of Vegas does. 

Def worth a splurge if you want an escape from the filthiness that is Vegas.This has been one of my absolute favorite hotels so far. It's gorgeous. It's an MGM hotel so you can use your card good at all of those casinos here as well if you plan on hitting the slots or the tables for a few. As big as it is everything's easily accessible.Of all the resorts on the Vegas strip my favorites will always be Bellagio and Aria.  They are two distinctly different worlds but offer the same opulence and service that one expects from a 5 star establishment, executing in different ways but in equal effectiveness.  On this stay we opted to stay at Aria.  Such a phenomenal place from start to finish.  I only had one gripe this visit and I will get that out of the way to focus on the many positives.  Upon arrival at McCarran I checked my e-mail and was informed a room was ready....the only problem was it was on the 4th floor.  Since we were going to be in town for 3 nights I wanted the best view we could possibly get so I inquired about getting a strip view once we arrived at the hotel (around 8:30 am).  I was told that it should be a few hours for a strip view to be available but once a room was ready I would be informed via text or e-mail.  To waste some time we walked around the strip, come 1:00/1:30 we still did not receive notification of availability.  We went back to the hotel to see about getting an update and was told the room was available.  I wonder had we not checked when or if we would have even gotten notification, or for that matter how long had the room been available.....not acceptable in my view for a 5 star place but they did more than make up for it.  I had been coordinating a floral display for my girlfriend as a belated Valentine's Day gift (couldn't possibly get her flowers here at home on Valentine's Day and have them die while we were out of town!) and boy did the concierge and floral department deliver.  The display was executed to perfection while we were out seeing a show that night.  The display might I add was exemplary and even better than the pictures the concierge had sent me.  Many thanks to Kim and Ms. Manaj in the Concierge area.  Next highlight was the buffet that was provided packaged with our room deal.  Such a great variety of food from all around the world, breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  The flavors are awesome and even if you had to pay full price it would still be worth it.  On Friday I surprised my girl with a couples massage package at the spa.  We had done couples massages at other establishments but this one had a few things that we enjoyed thoroughly that the other places did not have.  They had a co-ed waiting area so that you and your significant other could be called to your appointment at the same time.  No waiting, no guess work.  It was fantastic.  They also had a Himalayan salt room that was so relaxing and meditative.  The salts are supposedly good for the upper respiratory health.  The Japanese Hot Stone beds were soothing also.  Good for metabolism and relaxation.  The 80 minute massage itself was heavenly and provided just what we needed to alleviate stress.  You never know how knotted your body is until the massage therapists begin their work.  Needless to say.....we will definitely return to Aria when we find ourselves in Vegas again.  So wonderful.Thank you Jenn for your reply,I appreciate your time and consideration and look forward to my stay!Just came back from the Aria on a trip! The hotel is very nice, it's so big, literally reminded me of being in an airport it was so huge with food shops and stores. Check in was a little long, but not bad. For those who go on a budget, beware... at check in, they do a $150 a night hold on your card, since we stayed from Sunday to Wednesday, they held $450.00 from our spending money just in case.. So annoying!! So luckily we had some cash on us. But very inconvenient since we didn't get the money back till we checked out. That was the worst part for us, we didn't get to enjoy the experience as much if we had our extra funds available. Right when we got into our room, the blinds opened up automatically, was really nice! Had a decent view of the pools, the issue was, the room didn't smell fresh AT ALL, smelled like dirty and old , they should really put good smelling cleaners in the rooms. You can't open the fridge (if you wanna buy your own drinks and store them away) unless you buy an overpriced beverage to unlock it. The drinks & food were over priced at the hotel so we would go out and buy at certain parts of the strip. The beds were really comfy so we did have a good night sleep. The workers there were very helpful and friendly. I don't know if I'd go back, but it was bad.Love this hotel. Once you walk into your room, the lights, tv, and curtains automatically turn on. The bathroom was beautiful, with a tub and stand up shower and a hazed glass toilet area. The bed was comfy and I love there's a button that can turn all lights off. Everything is also controlled by a tablet, pretty convenient. The front desk were friendly and helpful.
Self park is $10 a day but you can park at any other MGM property for free with your ticket for the same day.The hotel was great, it was well located to everything. Some leaves are a littlebfurther and Aria is right at the middle of the strip. Room was clean and we had an awesome view of the strip. The staff was very helpful. I would stay here again.This is  my review of Aria stay 4/11-4/15  2017 room 37109. 
 All the good first.  My wife and I were invited out for 4 night stay at the Aria by Xavier a Casino Host for Aria. They will offer a few days at a comp rate and you must gamble daily earning comps that cover the gift of a room, dining and spa use. If you are an established i.e. Rated player, they will offer rooms, food and casino cash no strings attached. They are taking all the risks up front that you will fly out stay and gamble as in the past. We had a Tower Suite with city view not strip view. I'll start by saying this tower suite is an amazing room~ A+. The city view (B) is not as good as strip view (A+). Xavier our casino host suggested the Tower Deluxe room with strip view which was less expensive and would allow him to cover more food and spa expenses but I just had to try the Tower suite. Before departing on 15th we checked out the Deluxe room and he was right, we could have saved 1/2 off room rate. Our next visit I would now request the deluxe room King bed strip view. Every Room and entire hotel are beautiful, A+++. Food throughout hotel is amazing, definitely geared for a higher level experience which we enjoy. I've enjoyed multiple stays with Bellagio, Paris, MGM, Borgata Atlantic City, Atlantis Bahamas. Aria is a true 5 star experience. The Spa in Aria hotel was A+++. The Pool is also amazing, palm trees, plenty of seating, individual hidden private pools peppered about.  The shopping next to Aria is the best in Vegas, Crystals is connected and has every store.
 The Bad- casino table staff were hit and miss during stay. I did meet and have many good conversations at gaming tables. Those in hospitality know it only takes one bad experience to over shadow 10 great moments. I have always thought Gaming Table Supervisors tend to be sloppy keeping track of active play for comps everywhere. Players Clubs, Hosts, mLife, Total Rewards. will all tell you that slots generate more comps, but more losses also. This is why being rated correctly at tables is so important. I had an experience that would force me to look at being rated correctly and accurately at table games. After someone being rude and lying I was forced to  compare electronic versions of craps roulette and black jack to live table versions.  Times are changing and other options with better service are becoming available. Live table staff tend to enforce rules at times,  ignore the same rules other times which is not ever a good thing, (this was my experience).  I questioned a floor staff about rule fluctuation and I was immediately attacked with rude behavior. I was instructed about a rule, but then I questioned why enforce the rule now when  for days prior, 3 current shift changes of floor people, these same rules didn't apply. It was to late, staff and floor manager were trapped. Floor Supervisor became embarrassed and as most people do they became rude and deflect, even lie to protect a bad decision. He embarrassed himself and ruined an excellent experience at such a wonderful Hotel and Casino. What I will share with future gamblers is this... live table games are becoming obsolete due to new electronic versions. I recall 5 years ago speaking the same way in a  DVD rental store. They just can't believe Video Streaming would replace them. Refused how important good relations would effect a growing obsolescent business. No need mention those store names (Bb,Fv) because those stores went under being rude and charging late fees/rewind fees, consumers fled to the future.  An electronic roulette or craps machine will track every dollar, every bet and every comp point. If you step away a spouse can make your bets. When you lay the big bets the electronic machine records every wager. All those $10-$20-$50 tips no longer need be made. That simple error by a shift change- table worker, supported by new shift Gaming Table Floor Manager did me a huge favor last night... opened my eyes again to why we shop online rent online and now game without the personnel interaction from rude misinformed workers.  When employees only act as employees good businesses suffer. The customer is always right and when your job is becoming obsolete I suggest you act that way right now. Funny how they figure out how true that is when it's to late.Aria has the nicest hotel rooms in Las Vegas!!!  I love the Aria!!! It is by far one of the nicest hotels I have ever stayed in. It seriously has some if the best rooms anywhere. I have had good luck being upgraded by the front desk when I have stayed there. If you ever get upgraded to a Suite at the Aria you will be spoiled for life. The check in process is a little slow. But the front desk agents there are great! The buffet is also very good and the pool is nice. But I also love the Spa at the Aria!! I really enjoyed the Hot Tubs and Steam Room and Hot Tub overlooking the resort! Staying at the Aria is not cheap, but it is worth it!! You will love it and it will change the way you look at hotels going forward. I love the views and technology in the rooms as well. The beds and jetted tubs are simply amazing!!!  You won't want to leave the Room and the beds are by far the most comfortable I have ever slept in at a hotel!!!This hotel was everything I had hoped for it to be. I would have given Aria 4-stars if it weren't for a small issue with our check-in.

Check-in: 
The process was quick and easy except we were blindsided by a refundable deposit we had to make. We are already aware of daily resort fees + tax, but not the deposit. We booked our vacation package through Southwest so that was my fault for not checking Aria's website for additional fees. We were early checking in, but they have a service that holds your luggage for you so we got to explore a little while we waited for our room to be ready!

Room:
The room was beautiful! We didn't get a strip view, but the mountains and casino lights off the strip made up for it. Room service provided us with everything we needed daily. The tablet is a really cool feature to have! It controlled the temperature, lights and window shades. It was supposed to control the TV and music as well, but we never could get that to work. We had a minibar but didn't use it because of the charges we would get. I loved the shower and bathtub being connected to each other. 

Resort:
The hotel's design is absolutely beautiful. We enjoyed the pool area...I believe there are three and a hot tub, but we only used one of the pools. We really liked the tram service and we didn't feel like walking. There was a convention going on so it was a little crowded at times. We ate at the Aria Cafe which was a little pricey, but had great food and great service. The casino part was nice too, but I feel as if we spent more time at other casinos. 

Check out: 
Easy and painless! 

Definitely recommend staying here!I have never met such a friendly staff
Absolutely fantastic right from the moment you enter. The casino is new, clean and well maintained. Upscale casino featuring some of the best places to meet and dine or just grab some drinks.We booked a last min trip to Vegas. 

When we arrived to the hotel, we upgraded to the executive suite. Omg. Best suite ever.

It was maybe around 2,000 sqft. It had 2 restrooms, a boardroom, kitchenette and a nice big bedroom.

With this suite, we had access to the lounge which offered great refreshments that were complimentary. Service was great. 

They also arranged transfers to the airport. 

It was 2:43pm and were sitting in the Las Vegas airport... my Bf comes up to me and says: "You're going to kill me". But with a half drunk smile on his face. 

"I forgot the money in the safe".

So immediately, I call ARIA. I speak to someone in security. It's 2:58pm and we are the last to board because we're debating on whether or not to stay and go pick up the cash. They called me back and told me that they sent someone to go check and all the money that he forgot was there. Phewww. 

Unfortunately, they can't mail that much money. So they had to cut a check. This trip was epic. 

Thank you, Aria! Fan for life.I went to Vegas for the election, and though the trip was terrible, I have no beef with the Aria, where I stayed with a couple of friends. It was a lovely hotel with a great casino, and I hope to return sometime under better circumstances.

We checked in on a Sunday afternoon, and this was the only annoying part of the hotel experience. The line was long as fuck, like at least second-tier Disneyland ride long. Aria must have a population size larger than many towns that voted Trump. Service was great. We were checked in by a nice young woman who'd just gotten her citizenship, who was still an undecided voter (she asked why we were in town, and we told her, but without saying which way we leaned). I hope she didn't vote for her own deportation.

The hotel was pretty in the Vegas way, every decor element over the top but somehow tasteful because of the ridiculous size of the hotel. Like insane light fixtures and velvet and leather walls (I touched all of those walls). The room was comfortable and nicely appointed, with a beautiful view. Beds were plush, and the bathroom clean with a good shower. I also enjoyed the control panel that let us open curtains and turn on lights. Mildly confusing, but very cool in an "open sesame" kind of way.

We spent a good amount of time in the casino, playing black jack and poker and pai gow (though let us not speak of the pai gow). We also ate at the pizza place and I think there was some kind of horrible election night party in the Aria, too, but honestly I was sad and a little sauced so I don't remember that in great detail (though there might have been a buffet that was only snack nuts). The parking situation was good, an easy garage with in and out privileges.

I'd recommend the Aria if you're looking for a hotel with a lot of modern luxury and only medium levels of Vegas cheese. The price point wasn't terrible (I won at the tables and covered my expenses easily), and I might come back for a real getaway one of these weekends.This probably one of my favorite places to stay. The service is great and the accommodation are first class. The location of the hotel is also perfect. The other choices are the Venetian or Wynn which also are a bit pricey but are also my favorites.

 The pool is good and the club is awesome.Went at the end of July for my birthday. Got a great upgrade (Sky Suite) from I think Justin - great customer service and definitely all-around nice guy. Stayed for four nights and enjoyed every bit of the time and room for my birthday. Definitely will be staying again soon.Very clean, classy resort. Enjoyed the lobby bar, great friendly staff. Remembered our drink preferences, even the next day.  
Comfortable, clean, spacious rooms. Nice viewsBest hotel I have stayed at in Las Vegas. Does not allow smoking in the hotel or the poker room, but it does in the casino, this made for a much cleaner feel and smell to the hotel. The poker room chairs are incredibly comfortable, lol, this can also be a bad thing ;) Great food, though spendy, isn't everything in Vegas?! A tablet controls everything in your room, which is awesome, especially being able to turn off lights from bed! I say I wouldn't suggest for kids, but I just wouldn't bring children to Vegas myself, nothing particular to Aria. 

The pools and hot tubs are very nice and open year round, though the hours get limited in late fall, winter and early spring. The service is stellar, great maid service, front desk, and just in general, very friendly and helpful. Great location on the strip, in the thick of it all. Irritating that the refrigerators don't allow personal items and charge you if you move the items in the refrigerators. Really gorgeous and spacious bathroom. Incredibly comfortable bed with great linens and toiletries. Will definitely be coming back here, I have stayed at a few other places on the strip and none compares to this hotel.I would like to say even though we ran into some nasty shit at the hotel  they made up for it in a very very nice way so cannot say it was all bad yes I will return but I will inspect the room immediatelyCame here booked a king room for my birthday weekend. Driving to the parking deck could be a little confusing since this hotel sits on the strip. We had to come drive in circles a couple times to locate the self parking deck down below near the front of the hotel. If you drive too fast, you will definitely miss it like we did. They also had valet in the front of the hotel. 

Upon arrival my room that was reserved with the online check-in was not ready.  Therefore, I had to walk back down to the lobby and inform the staff. They gave a new room. Room was very clean, modern with plenty of soft polished pillows and exactly in the hotel management photos. Refreshment was in fridge BUT will cost you if you take them out. They will charge your credit card. Showers were cleaner-modern and with shampoo, conditioner, bar soap and lotion courtesy of the hotel. 

They have restaurants in the casino. One of the best dessert places there. I also made a reservation the Javier's(Mexican Authentic restaurant). It was a little bit on the pricier side BUT well worth it! Their margaritas was THE BOMB! 

My stay was great. I hated to leave but the fun ends there. I did not give a five star due to the rooms that was reserved with the online check-in was not ready in time. Which made it so misleading. The hassle of walking back down to the lobby was a good distance. Other then that, I would definitely be returning!Im not here to comment on the the rooms or casino. I'm here to tell you about the quality me in food from within the conference center. Or is it? Could be straight from the heavens. Please enjoy some corn for me.When we arrived at the hotel, our room was not ready. We waited at least an hour to get our room. We reserved our hotel 1 month ahead of time for a king size bed and they said the only one available at that time was 2 queen size bed which we didn't request.  I thought okay we can wait but didn't know it would take so long and we had our luggage as we walk around to kill time. Anyway overall the stay was pleasant, the frangrance scent in the mall was very nice, the food at the buffett was okay. The service at the buffett was okay but not great.  I would give 5 stars but because we had to wait a long time at the line for checking in and not getting our room right away was the only downside. Overall my husband had a great time on his 60th birthday.Stayed here for several evening as part of a large conference and managed to score a 37th level strip view upgrade compliments of the $20 trick! ;)

Despite being a supposedly 5 diamond property, I've seen better internationally!

The resort is modern with proximity key cards for the room and fully electronic window shades! Even the lights, radio, and alarm can be controlled by the tablet next to the bed!

The room is very spacious and they've upgraded the lighting inside the room to ensure it's a tad brighter inside! Water pressure from the shower is excellent.

The biggest challenge seems to be the desert which made the experience an extremely dry one. Numerous requests for a room humidifier were merely noted... A tub full of water and a wet towel by the vents did help quite a bit!

Bring a humidifier, bottles of water, along with throat lozenges to ensure a more comfortable experience!Immediately I was struck by the giant walls of cascading water -beautiful! Checking in there was a bit of a line. There is the option to check in on your phone ahead of time and I would recommend it.  After making it through the line we were greeted warmly and helped very quickly! Our room was wonderful! On the 20th floor with a view of the strip the room felt brand new, clean, modern and amazing for the price! A box of Jean Phillipe chocolates were left for me, as our visit was in celebrating a birthday. Turn down service was wonderful! We arrived back in our room to more individual chocolates, slippers left by our bedsides, music playing and the room picked up. Staying here was a wonderful experience!A really fantastic place... they are heeding everyone's comments about the peeling wallpaper (which I didn't notice btw) and are getting these aesthetics fixed.   We initially were assigned a room far before anticipated... score!  ...on the 4th floor... crud.  So we headed to the check in desk and were given the option to wait for the 39th floor.   Yes, we'll wait.  They said they'd notify us when ready.  Perfect, we'll go wander for a bit. 

The wait was likely longer than it needed to be as we weren't actually provided a room until my guy went to see what the scoop was (about 6hrs later) and he was informed we could head right up.  That being said,  the wait was worth it!  Great view, great room!  Pretty quiet,  though I could see it being noisy on busy late nights... 

They did a bang up job with roses (set up as a sweet surprise from my Valentine)  and the spa is fabulous!  Wonderful masseuse, hot stone beds,  Himalayan salt room, a coed lounge where you can wait together for couple's treatments.  ...can I go back yet?One of the best Vegas stays in a long time and first time staying at Aria but def not the last.

Rooms : very well thought out..love the double closets and large drawers next to the closets instead of under the TV. Love the floor to ceiling Windows and iPadish controlled everything. Beds were very comfy and pillows squishy.

Hotel: perfect size and perfect location for everything we wanted to do. Excellent restaurants and plenty of onsite action. Great artwork in art installations  throughout. Easy off strip connecting access to Monte Carlo, Bellagio or Cosmopolitan. Security checking room keys a plus in my book. Nice, updated and clean.

Pool : smaller than some properties but nice and happy that it is open super early in the morning if you are up for laps or the hot tub.

Only con was the extra long wait at check in. Hope to be able to use mobile check in in the future.

Can't wait to return.We planned our 40th anniversary as a wonderful trip to Vegas, so we selected the Aria and a special package they offer with VIP services.

We arrived and were greeted by our delightful limousine driver in the baggage claim area.  She was professional and so kind.  The limo was absolutely beautiful; a creamy metallic stretched Cadillac.  From the start, we were welcomed and wished a happy anniversary, which actually was on the day we arrived, Jan 8th, from nearly every single person on the staff at Aria.

Our check-in was a lovely experience in the VIP lounge, which was beautiful and supplied a variety of snacks and soft beverages, and free wifi, too.  

Once our lovely strip-view corner suite was ready, we were escorted to our room.

It was AMAZING!  Great view and beautiful spacious room.  To our surprise, there was a beautiful box of Aria signature chocolates and a healthy big basket of fruit, along with a bottle of champagne!  A note from the hotel said 'Congratulations....' and a second note from our concierge assistant 'Cynthia' also wished us a happy 40th.

We left for dinner shortly after and upon returning, about midnight,  my husband asked me to use my key and open the door.  SHOCK AND AWE!!!  The suite had been decorated with balloons and flowers, even rose petals on the bed and two single roses on each pillow.  I had never seen anything like it in my life!  In fairness, my sweet hubby set that up and paid for it, but not even he knew how beautifully it would turn out.  I will remember this for the rest of my life! WELL DONE ARIA!  Just AWESOME!!!!!

We enjoyed a nice turn down service every night of our stay and delicious chocolates each night, too.

Our room was a corner suite, which featured a separate bedroom, living room, bar and refrigerator.  There were two separate bathrooms; one Aria calls the 'powder room' and the other a full bath with a waterfall shower and bench, a fantastic Jacuzzi and a separate toilet which was a multi-function bidet.  There is nothing like a warm seat in the middle of the night!  The bathroom also had a double vanity with two sinks and enough amenities, even bath salts.
 
The Aria fitness center is packed full of treadmills, elliptical, stationary bikes, and every sort of weight training equipment you could hope to see.  The gym has floor to ceiling windows and allows you a great view while working out.  There is an additional fee for use of the spa area, but it's nominal at $30 for all that is offered; make up, hair, massage, facials, etc.  The price is on par with other hotels, so not inexpensive, but not ridiculously over-priced either.  I just didn't have time this trip.

There are MANY choices for dining at Aria.  I reviewed those we dined at in separate reviews.  There is something for everyone.

The casino is huge and offers everything from slots to blackjack and several different types of board poker [3-card, 4-card, Ultimate Hold 'em, etc].  Minimums are usually $10 in daytime and upwards of $25 at night.

The Aria Sports Book is fantastic.  Sadly, I forgot to make a bet on Clemson and they won the NCAA football championship!

The Aria poker room is very large, with both tournament play and cash games $1/$2, $2/$4 and pot limit games.  The tournament structure is great!  Yes, the buy in is usually $100+ but the blinds are typically 30 minutes, so if you play your cards right, you could be there 6 hours or so to make the final table.  The pay offs are wonderful!!!!  Depending on the number of entrants, even 12th will be able to cash.

The casino is also surprisingly NOT terribly smokey.  That's a huge plus for me as I am a former smoker and hate the smell of it now.  

Cocktails for players are complimentary and there was no shortage of servers asking for orders. They are fast, too.  Please remember, we are in the new millennium!  I still see people tipping just $1 to a server.  That is ridiculous! Maybe I go overboard, but I tip at least $4 or usually $5.  This is how they make a living.  The extra will also get you better service and more attentive service.

Our journey back to the airport was excellent, too, in a beautiful cream-metallic Escalade with a very sweet and professional driver. 

WELL DONE, ARIA LAS VEGAS! Just awesome!

From here on out, the Aria will be our 'GO-TO' and a must for our stay in Vegas.Beautiful hotel! I liked it even more than Belagio or Wynn. It is very new hotel, all people are so beautiful, no so many Asians as you can see in Belagio or Wynn lobby. A very unique and high level restaurants. I stayed one night at this place and I will totally be back very shortly! 

I remember, I count find a lighter in my room and I called room service, They brought me  lighter in 3 minutes and gave me matches as addition to my request. Sweeeeeet!Looking for a nice, relaxing and fancy place to stay? I recommend this beautiful new hotel! The location is perfect. Situated right in the middle of the Vegas strip action. The newer hotels are close by and you still have your classic older hotels that still make Las Vegas what it is. If you are driving here, the lot is located on the left and they charge you $10 a day. The main entrance has an area where a taxi or a limo can pick you up. As you wait in this area you come to admire how beautiful Aria is from the outside, tall, elegant, clean, and there is an inclined waterfall that makes you feel relaxed. 
If you want to make your way to the strip, there is a bridge that takes you there or you can enter the shops right in front that include all those super expensive stores (it is a nice place to just walk through just to get to the strip). 
We tried out the dinner buffet and it was really good! It will cost you about $40 a person and they have plenty of food and dessert to go around and the restaurant is very large. There are also other restaurants within the hotel if a buffet is not your cup of tea. Plenty of bars all around the casino and the pool is on the second floor. (there is also a bar in one of the pools)
Now for the room! We got a strip view room with 2 queen beds. The beds were very cozy and super comfortable, they felt like you slept on a cloud. Free Wi-Fi too!
So, I definitely recommend this hotel to any one planning their stay in Vegas, whether you are with your family, significant partner, solo or with friends, this is the hotel! The service was excellent! Very friendly staff and professional!

**Also, for all you video gamers out there, there is a cool room that is only meant to play video games ( xbox, play station) so totally use the room!Since my last review they are going to replace the suite and provide me with a complimentary stay in the sky suites! 
As always ARIA/MGM properties is the only place to stay! 
BEST OF THE BEST! 

Thank you!A self-proclaimed Las Vegas veteran. Living in Los Angeles, Las Vegas has been the great escape that we consider our tempting, gypsy-like next door neighbor Who lures us in from time to time. My fiancé and I go to Las Vegas at least five times a year if not more. We usually celebrate all of our milestones there. We fell in love there, eight years ago, and for us that place is Disneyland for adults. We have so much fun. From the gambling, to the pool parties, walking around, getting lost in the magic of all of it. It's just too much fun. We like to stay at a different resort every time we go in order to have a different experience. At this rate, we've stayed at almost every resort. We spent a lot of time at Aria, gambling and dining - but we've never actually stayed there. We are platinum members with MGM so we got a really great rate for the weekend. We went there initially to celebrate my fiancé's birthday. His parents met us there as well. We had such a great time. The check-in experience was so easy. There was an option to check in online before you arrive. That way, you never had to wait in line to actually speak to a person. There is a kiosk in which you can retrieve your keys. We got up to our room, very long walk but we didn't seem to care. We were just so excited to be there. Our room was great, our room faced the pool so we could see all the excitement and fun that was happening outside. It was the perfect size room for two people. The bathroom is great. It has a tub and the shower and a toilet separate from the vanity. All of the shades and blinds are controlled by a button which is pretty neat. Also, the bed was so incredibly comfortable. No one really spends too much time in the room in Las Vegas, let's be honest so let's move onto other exciting things. We dined at so many places at the Aria and I will do Yelp reviews on all of them. Umbrella answer the dining experiences were amazing. The gambling is so fun. The casino seems nicer, newer, less smoky than the others. Which I really appreciate because the smoke really affects me. The pool parties are fun. There is Liquid, (Yelp review already posted) and also the general area pool area. We spent a lot of time there and it was so much fun. Photos below. Overall, this is one of my favorite places that I've stayed in Las Vegas. Top three. I can't wait to go back and celebrate my birthday there!good hotel...new and bright...not too crowded, however the lines for breakfast were a bit long...nice service...recommended...My absolute fav!  But I only like staying at the Vdara, the rooms are way better & you get access to both pools.  

All the restaurants are fantastic.  I've only been disappointed twice at Herringbone, but I will review each restaurant so overall I love Aria.  

I am not happy w/ the new paying for valet parking deal or paying eventually in the garage.  Love the easy access to the T Mobile Arena!

The festive decorations are lovely & easy walk to Bellagio through the Vdara & over the bridge.  When I do stay at the Tower Suites, I like the North valet in between Vdara.  In that check-in lobby they have pastries, fruit & muffins in the morning & other small plates throughout the day.

Love the bartenders & they have the best VIP Sportsbook & team, Keith, Jeff, Jeff & Marcus.  Awesome!  They stay in close contact w/ you & even give you Christmas cards & brought me a birthday cupcake w/ candle on it from Jean Phillippes.  They don't know how truly I treasure that kind of service.  Totally appreciate you Aria!Nice place to stay, rooms are very big and the view was great. Front desk was nice but quiet . Stayed for a business trip . Many places to eat inside the hotel .More low key and chill than the Cosmo next door, this beautiful, new hotel has got some good features and makes for a comfortable stay. 

My friends stayed in a more generic-colored room, but I stayed in a pretty single bedroom with purple curtains, turn down service, and bedside chocolates everyday! 

I recommend you stay away from the tapas place, and check out JG Steakhouse and Jewel night club as they have just re-opened the club that used to be Haze. There's Five50 pizza (by the slice, too) for your late night needs.

To get to the Aria, take Harmon Rd and follow the sign in the right hand lane. This place loses a star for making people pay for parking though; the first 4 hours will cost ya a flat rate of $18 if you aren't a hotel guest. M Life, you're losing me on that one.What a great hotel and casino. The Aria is a step forward in the industry. This hotel is accommodating in as many ways as we can think of and more. The vibe in the Aria evokes emotions of splendor and happiness. I had the pleasure of taking my girlfriend to the Aria for her 21st which was a fabulous time. The Aria was so generous to put us in a suite which concluded as the best hotel stay we have ever experienced. 

Thanks so much Aria Resort & Casino for setting the bar high. 

Best, 

Micah FreemanBest casino on the Las Vegas Strip!  Great service.  Perfect Customer Service and...The Rooms are very nice.  This place is a must stay if you're in Vegas!Crystal l the waitress serving the slot machines was awesome very very friendly and provided the best service I've ever had in any casinoFirst time staying at the Aria. I really liked it here. The staff is second to none. From the valet to housekeeping to the front desk...everyone was polite, professional and couldn't have been more helpful. The Aria does an amazing job of training the staff and running this operation.

The decor and atmosphere are modern but warm and inviting. I liked having to show my room key to enter the elevators. This is the kind of security everyone needs.

Pre-check-in was a breeze. I checked in on-line hours before arriving and got a return email with my room number. After leaving my car with the valet, I went straight to the pre-check-in counter and within minutes, had my key and was on my way. No waiting in line to check-in.

The Aria has I think 27 restaurants. Some of them the best in Las Vegas so no need to look elsewhere for good food.

The room was nice. Could have been a little cleaner. Mainly just a dirty carpet and a pube in the tub. Nothing a vacuum and a rinse couldn't take care of.
Technology was cool. Push buttons to operate everything. A remote iPad device for controlling everything from the lights to the T.V. if you don't feel like getting out of bed. Push a button and the curtains open and close, lights go on and off. Pretty cool.
One problem...the buttons on my side of the bed operated the night stand light and reading light on my wife's side of the bed and hers operated mine. Just gotta switch the plugs or something. Another problem was the safe wasn't working. A maintenance man came and fixed it but it slowed us up a bit.

Now about the safe. We were here on business and needed a large safe. The Aria has laptop size room safes. That is if you can find it. I looked everywhere in that room and could not find the safe. I called the front desk and they told me where it was at. Most hotels that have safes have a small iPad size in the closet. At the Aria the safe is located.....oh, I don't want to spoil the fun. You'll have to find it. Don't give up...it is there.Definitely my go to hotel in Vegas.  Love the beds at this hotel.  Even if you sleep only a few hours you will get some major deep sleeping cycles on these beds.  Just amazing.  The only thing I have a gripe about is I booked 10 rooms or so for a trip and wanted to get the points all on my name and I swear I never got them.  Not cool.  Aside from that I like the casino as its less smokey here and they have a few great restaurants.  Oh and the waterfall in the valet area always makes me smile!  Love it!  Can't wait to go back!I booked the corner Suite for my first anniversary and let me tell you it was nothing short of breathtaking. It had floor-to-ceiling windows in the living room bathroom and panoramic in the bedroom with everything in the room being operated from an iPad including the blinds lights Heating and Air. They also gave me a complimentary bottle of champagne and chocolates for my anniversary. I received a pretty deep discount by using my mlife card which I highly recommend you have as this save me 15% I believe off the price of the suite. At check-in they were very helpful with explaining everything as well as the times I could use the lounge which has all sorts of goodies throughout the day including wine in the evenings. Do yourself a favor and save a few bucks and pregame at the lounge before you go out for the evening on the town. I very well may make this a Vegas tradition and spend my second anniversary here at this lovely Resort as well.My wife and I really enjoy this resort and Casino!   First and foremost the cal king bed in our room was tremendously comfortable!  We had the best sleep the entire weekend.  The room settings can be controlled from laying in bed.  The pool area is very fun.  Music plays, you feel like your part of a day club without the $50 dollar cover.  We had dinner at Javier's and it was very delicious!I tell people I stayed at "The Aria," and the reaction is always, "Wow!"  I thought so too. 

On this visit, I had the pleasure of staying Aria's Tower Suites, so even check in was luxurious (read: private, no line, behind a big leather-covered door).  In my spacious, well appointed suite on the 24th floor (#24250), one of the iPads that controls the room was off line. And in 3 areas on the short walk from my suite to the elevator, the hallway carpet was torn at the seam, and it looked like it had been that way for some time (frayed and pulling away). Other than these transgressions, the place is first class. 

Luxury is alive and well at ARIA! Just don't look down.I had wonderful stay at the resort...  Not much to say as for quality and the services given which were GREAT... Except the fact that there is no coffee makers in the room... check out was breeze over the internet...I just wrapped up my 2 night stay at this hotel and I was quite pleased overall with how this place is being run.

I've stayed at cheaper hotels on the strip for a long time now and I've been wanting to stay at a really nice place like Aria so when M Life emailed me a couple months ago of an upcoming stay with free play and free food I wanted to experience this place for myself.

Unfortunately I wasn't able to get the complimentary nights that were offered since I requested a room with 2 beds and the week I wanted to go to was fully booked so my offer was $99 a night which is still a great deal compared to other resorts.

When I went to check in on 10/11, a woman named Astid I believe or Astrid (I apologize if I didn't spell it right) helped me check in and told me all the things they had to offer. She then asks me if I brought my parking ticket to which I said no because I didn't think much of it until I leave and go pay at the machine. She tells me no worries and then adds the parking fee to my room.

After thanking her and proceeding to my room as soon as I opened the door all the lights turned on, the curtains opened automatically and the TV went on as well. Very surprised at this feature but very nice at the same time. I saw the control tablet by the bed and saw it had everything this hotel has to offer listed. You can change the temperature of the room, dim the lights in the room and bathroom, order room service, look at the menus of all their restaurants and much more.

They have a mini fridge but I noticed the drinks weren't cold at all so the fridge in my room might've been broken. They also had a snack bar setup but I already knew about the sensors if you pick it up so I never bothered with any of those. It would've been nice if there was an empty mini fridge provided so you can chill your own drinks but we had a cooler with us.

I had a minor issue with the thermostat. I wanted it to be more cooler so I was lowering the temperature and had the fan speed on the highest setting but it didn't feel pleasant at all. It wasn't hot inside the room but it was to the point where it was barely cool.

The bathroom itself was ok. The shower and hot tub are connected to the same door so it's the showerhead first then the tub is behind it. Kind of a strange setting if you ask me. I got to use the tub once but it was kinda small for me. The toilet has a separate door as well but they have a see through wall so it's not much privacy if you have others staying with you. Double sinks are provided so that was a nice thing.

My room view wasn't spectacular since it wasn't the view of the strip but it wasn't that bad either. We could see several hotels along with planes taking off from McCarrin airport. I was glad in a way we didn't get the noisy side since that would've made our stay less desirable. I had that issue with the Paris hotel last year.

I did notice that this hotel does not have a coffee maker here. I wonder why that is and who's idea it was to not implement this. Not a good move.

Casino aspect this place is huge. Lots of games to play. I'm a slot player so I never bothered with the table games although it would be fun too. I loved the wide variety of slots this place has but I noticed one slot company this place doesn't have are slots from Multimedia Games. Other casinos had a few of them but I'm not knocking on this place for that. I would've loved to see some more WMS slots that have the 2 progressives on top. I was sad this place removed the Monopoly Bonus City slots since I've watched them on YouTube and couldn't find it at other casinos. One slot I noticed they have a ton of are those Asian themed ones like 88 Fortunes, Fu Dao Le where the max bet is $8.88.

Check out was quick and painless. I don't remember her name but she was tall, blond and had an English accent. She helped me prevent getting double charged for parking since I was gonna pay at the machine and she said it was already added to my room charge so there was no need. She was very professional and I loved the conversation with her.

Overall I did enjoy my stay here. Much more than my past trips to Vegas. Unfortunately I didn't win big but I got to play a lot of the latest games so I left satisified. I would stay at this place again for sure.LAS VEGAS: I love the Aria: it's classy, well-located, not overblown, doesn't smell like it's trying to cover up for smoke, and even the casino isn't that loud, dark or headache inducing.

Don't get me wrong: Still a casino, but the ratio of smoke to rabble to loud ringing noises is very low compared to similar properties that give me headaches (Paris gives me headaches, Caesars gives me headaches, etc.)

Aria is a terrific property for adults wanting to enjoy a delicious Vegas that enlivens, rather than bombards or suffocates, the senses.

Looking forward to my next trip.I just thought this would be just an okay hotel but boy was I wrong. Just about everything is top notch from their customer service, hotel rooms, casino floor, decor and location. I really didn't know much about Aria because I like the Venetian but the Aria may be better in my opinion.

I just stayed one night which I got for free from Hotels.com. I read a lot of reviews and it seemed like everyone likes Aria. Some things that I noticed was that I didn't see a lot of kids which I love. You have to walk through the casino to get to the hotel which kind of sucks in my opinion.

I did have a really good time here and this may become a regular spot for me. This is definitely a real nice hotel and can't wait to check it out again.Stop it already!!! This is our spot in Vegas! If anyone gives this hotel anything less than a five star review they are crazy and need to be committed!! I have traveled around the world and stayed in the best hotels, this one ranks among the top! We always stay in the suites, which is well worth the money. The lounges are open almost all the time, the space in the suites is a breath of fresh air, and the check in process is seamless. Spend the extra money!!! At times I feel like I want to try other hotels, then I tell myself to forget it and to stay at the Aria. Not to say I'm always right, but you can't beat the Aria!Great and beautiful hotel. My family and I stay here the two to three times we visit Vegas every year because we get great offers from there. The service is always outstanding. The only reason it's four stars is that the machines don't pay out that much compared to other hotels, and there aren't dining options for quick eating.Phenomenal customer service.  While we were staying at the resort there was a technological difficulties with the televisions and the phones were not working. 

The front desk and management was very accommodating gave us a food and beverage credit and a room upgrade complementary.  

We will definitely be back and we are big fans of the hotel.  5 starsI LOVE THIS RESORT SOOOOOO MUCH!

Out of all the resorts on the strip it really is one of the most beautiful ones you can step into. From the moment we stepped in until the moment we left the service was amazing. Staff was friendly and very attentive. I appreciate the fact that the layout of the resort is simple and easy to follow. The art when you step first step inside the lobby is absolutely mesmerizing. The view of the strip from our room was breathtaking. We weren't able to spend too much time in the hotel until the last two days of our stay due to our schedules but every time we stepped into our room we were reminded why we chose this resort.

The only reason I'm giving them four out of five stars is because the nights we were actually able to stay at the hotel and explore, our bathroom was out of service. We tried to reach them several ways but maintenance never came. On our last night there, we ended up going to a restaurant on the strip to grab a bite to eat and use their restroom because I needed a good night's sleep before catching my flight.

At check out they were understanding about the issue and apologetic about the lack of service. They did credit us for the inconvenience without hesitating which we did not expect them to do. There is so much to do in the resort alone that I advise taking a day to just explore the place. We saw the Zirkana cirque du soleil show there which was spectacular! The mall is beautiful, full of amazing art. The view from our room was spectacular and I absolutely fell in love with the bathtub/shower area.  After my experience here, I can not stay elsewhere when I'm in Vegas.*This specifically pertains to the Sky Suites. 

First off, you roll into this baller side room that looks like you're in the temple level on Goldeneye '007 to check in. Then off to the side there's a dope little refreshments room that's constantly poppin' off stocked with snacks like cheeses and cookies and various other items, as well as soda and Fiji water. Perhaps the best part is we got to see Anthony Davis in there. 

You roll up to your room, which is a ballin' two bedroom suite that's fully automated and controlled on tablets- tv's, music, curtains, lighting, everything. Really nice and luxurious room that makes for a comfortable stay. 

Allow me to point out that you haven't lived until you've taken a dump from a heated toilet seat. The toilet seats stay nice and warm all the time, with a bidet, and a freaking air dryer to dry your freshly bideted hiney. 

Then you move the party over to the shower... SPOILER ALERT: there is a GD steamer in the GD shower. This will allow you the greatest shower of your life. Start out with hot water, get the steam flowing hard, then bump the water to cold. You won't be discouraged. Hell, if you spent the majority of your stay in the bathroom, you'd still have a pretty solid outing.I was there for Memorial weekend :) and let me say that I was super happy from the Valet experience all the way in . We decided to go play the $5 slots and maximum bet was $25. We had $150 on a voucher so we put it in and said go big or go home . & sure enough we went big and hit the $4000 jackpot . Yay!!!! I couldn't believe itI was here recently for a work conference. It started off on the wrong foot when I was asked for a $450 deposit on my debit card. I was unaware of this since I assumed my company would cover all expenses and since I don't have credit cards it actually debited the money from my account. However, the rest of the stay was great!

Our room had a great view of the strip, staff was very friendly and took care of anything we needed, which wasn't much. The conference room area was well maintained throughout our event. 

Catered food dieing the event was also good, which is rare at hotels. Haha! They are also right next top the Crystal Shops if you want to check those out. 

Overall: A
Be ready with a credit card for the deposit, enjoy the view and bars, and check out the pastry place!!I've stayed at Aria several times, and have had consistently good experiences. I adore the bedside 'computer' operated room functions. Waking up to curtains opening and the tv tuning into your favorite station always beats a blaring alarm clock. 

As the years have progressed since opening, they've done a good job of adding more bars to accommodate the endless drinking enthusiasts. Smart move. There are plenty of restaurant options, although perhaps the smartest addition is the pizza joint in the back, that offers pizza by the slice late night. This is some life saving sh*t right here!

The convention space is easy to navigate and not too far of a walk from the rooms. They are careful about who gets to the elevator banks morning day and night. Given I travel alone often, I appreciate that.My husband and I stayed here over the 4th of July weekend. Aria is a beautiful hotel, great location and very kind and helpful staff! The pool(s) was nice and plenty of seating (and shade). Prices of food and drinks were as expected for Vegas. The room was beautiful and had everything we needed. The bed and pillows...OMG! We would definitely stay here again in the future. The only gripe I have is that everything in the room had to be controlled via Ipad....it seemed cool and convenient until everytime we touched it or tried to do something on it, it would reset itself.This was our first time staying at Aria. We stayed Sat-Tues. The check-in line was pretty long on Sat, but not horrible. We arrived at 11:45am and our room was ready. We loved the room! It was on the 11th floor and the view was gorgeous. The only thing I really didn't like was that you have to pay to use the fridge in the room. I get why it's that way, but I don't like that. 

The pool area is beautiful at Aria. It was packed on Sat and we couldn't even find an empty chair, but on Monday morning there were plenty of empty chairs to lounge in. 

It's Vegas. Yes, drinks are expensive, but at least they are mixed well at this casino. Do yourself a favor and buy a bottle of rum or tequila at CVS and a jug of soda or juice if you're trying to save money. This casino also has great ventilation, which is rare in Vegas. 

We checked out on our phone and dropped our bags off at the bell desk, so that we could get breakfast before we went to the airport. We noticed an extra $95 charge for buffet, so we went back to the checkout line. Nobody told us that we couldn't use the buffet that was included in our package on the first day. I was pretty upset at first and then the checkout employee did end up taking it off. 

Overall, we'll stay here in the future. The hotel is clean, casino is clean, staff is friendly, and the drinks are great that you get while gambling.I had an issue at one of the Aria properties earlier in the year that involved theft. They more than made up for it with a comped room in the Aria. First of all you are treated like royalty when you arrive by the Bell staff. Side note, if you do use the hotel bell staff, and I recomended you do because of the size of the property, be prepared to tip often. When you are checking in and checking out your luggage will be touched by 2 different people which means tipping twice for one bag, but like I said it is worth it. On to check in. I recomended mobile check in. You should recieve an email from the hotel the day you arrive offering the chance to check in online. This saves a ton of time as you only have to walk up to a kiosk and scan a QR code on your phone to recieve your room key. Now for the room. I only have one word, Immaculate. Everything from the thermostat, to the window shades, to the TV, and even every single light in the room can be controlled from an iPad like device on the nightstand. Our room had a wonderful view of the South strip and we awoke with a view of the New York, New York Skyline from our bed. A highpoint in the room was the bathroom. There is a large soaking tub located inside the shower, meaning that the shower feels like it is huge since the fourth wall is on the other side of the tub. Really the only issue I had while I was there, and it's really so trivial that I'm not about to change my rating, but one of the last bellmen that we encountered at the valet was rather dismissive and seemed like he couldn't be bothered. I went up to him with my luggage claim ticket and he said I needed to go to the valet stand first. So I went to the valet stand. The lady at the valet stand said, "Have you given your luggage ticket to the bell desk?" I said, "No, he said to see you first." She said, "OK, take it back to him now." So I did and he still didn't want the ticket, he said I needed to wait until my car was pulled around, all the while being very dismissive. I feel like if a guest wants his luggage, you should go get it when he asks for it. We had an appointment to get to and I didn't want to have to wait for my luggage once my car was pulled around. Everyone else waiting for their car already had their luggage. So after 3 or 4 minutes I went back to the bell desk and a different man was happy to help me. As a result he made the $50 that the first guy missed out on. This is a drill I do when I leave Vegas if and when you give me a smile and seems you enjoy seeing me leave and enjoy your job I am willing to fork out an benny if I have to. Would I recomended the Aria to everyone? Absolutely!One of the few hotels we stay at when in Vegas. I booked a regular room and the Tower Suite reached out to me with  an unbelievable deal so I upgraded all three rooms to a Tower Suite. They know me well.

Pros:  
Killer view but be prepared to walk to and from elevator which explained why it's a corner suite.
Huge room.
Top of the line amenities.
Nice foyer.
Huge  entertaining and  sitting room.
Nicely set up.

Cons:
Few snack selection on their lounge and it takes forever to fill. Guests wait in line and no plates for breakfast. Had to use napkins :/
Got my welcome note on the day of departure. Didn't get the welcome note on my brothers room. I was told to pick it up at the lobby! Not sure if my sons room had one or not.
Elevator is shared with other guests and is a far walk.
They didn't give the room to my brother despite the emails I gave them that it was a surprise. They had to wait till I arrived.
No dining table.
Floors up to 24th only.

Penthouse Suite has it all. The air is better and the suites are on higher floors. Access to the elevator is a breeze and is right by the lounge area for Sky suite guests only. I was on the 50th I think during my last stay. Will book at Penthouse again.
Overall, I love this hotel!This place is the bomb!!!! I recommend this place hands down!!! When we arrived we immediately received an early check in email and checked in using the kiosk. We arrived in the room which was a quite a bit of a walk but the rooms are beautifully custom to a luxury style. The bathroom is very big with a tub and stand up in one area and the beds are one of a kind and super comfy. The service is awesome and I recommend trying Javier Restaurant for appetizers and drinks!One of the best casinos in Las Vegas . I come here to eat at  Javier's  and I picked up a couple jackpots . Luv this placeOh ARIA you did not disappoint! I came here to celebrate my birthday and it was all I could have ever wanted for a long weekend. Its a quick and easy ride from the airport. Check in is very painless and the staff is very helpful with directions, recommendations, etc. The hotel its self, is absolutely stunning, they have the best art, and installation pieces throughout the hotel. 
      1.) The ROOM OMG, we had a strip view room that had just been updated and it was perfection. The linins were comfortable, the bathroom was spacious and inviting and the technology interface made the room. Room service was on top of their game the whole weekend. I of course wanted to leave the room..dah its Vegas, but at the same time I almost didn't want to. The best part was the lack of noise you could here in the room. I couldn't here a thing and I was shocked. 
       2.) The pool, was the perfect balance of Vegas action and Relaxation. The trick is to get down earlier than later.. of course this is always easier said than done, but worth it if possible. You get a better selection of chairs this way. We also rented a pool cabana one of the days. This was a blast! If interested in this you need to get to the pool consigner to reserve one. You can't this online, only in person. The experience you get with this is worth the price. They take care of your every need and make you feel like the most important people there. The cabanas themselves, are equally as amazing as the hotel rooms.
     3.) THE FOOD was great, not amazing. The buffet has so many options, but it can be a bit crowded, because of the amount of people at the hotel. Get there before 10:30. I also dined at the steakhouse and Lemongrass. I had good food, but not the quality as I expected for Vegas. 
      4.) The nightlife: whether your gambling or dancing their is an option for everyone. the casino is very clean, modern and fun! Jewel is their night club, its a smaller dance club, it almost feel claustrophobic. I did not stay long here because it was to many people in a small space. They did not do a great job at keeping people out of the VIP sections 
Overall, I loved staying here, its the perfect location and I will definitely be returning.Went to Aria on a spur of the moment Las Vegas trip for the 4th of July.  Rooms at Aria are big and clean; controllable from your bedside tablet and comfy bed with 4 pillows.  Great blackout curtains that kept the room nice and dark. Minibar has expensive snacks, don't go there go to the Promenade snack shop on the 2nd floor and pick up snacks there. Overall A!The Aria is swanky. The rooms are controlled by a tablet. From this tablet, you can open and close the blinds, adjust the temperature, adjust the lights, control the tv, order food, schedule massages, hair cuts, and more. The bathrooms were sleek and spacious. The bed was very comfortable and the pillows feel like they were seriously made out of clouds. 

However, our room was not totally clean when we checked in. There was some sticky gooey stuff on the desk which really grossed me out. Our check-in process was also frustrating because we completed the pre-check in and scheduled our time for 1:30 the day before. The day of check-in we called to confirm that time, and they said, yes our room will be ready at 1:30. When we showed up at 1:45 to check in, our room was not ready. In fact, it was not ready until 3:30. It was okay, because they have a bell hop that delivered the bags to our room for us and they sent us a text alerting us when our room was ready, but I was really frustrated because I wanted to freshen up and rest before heading out on the strip. 

The casino was clean and didn't smell like smoke. The pools were very nice and had a great wade in area, so you didn't have to just, like, jump into the pool.We had a room with a strip view and it was stunning!  The tech features in the room were awesome; we loved being able to order room service, set and alarm, and control everything from the TV to the drapes to the music right from a tablet.  The hotel is extremely clean and inviting, with respectful and friendly employees.  There are lots of great restaurants and shopping within the Aria and, though they're a bit overpriced (we ARE in Vegas after all) they're a lot of fun.

I will say that three things were a bit of a disappointment:

- We arrived early, and were told that a room would be ready by 1:00 or 2:00.  Checkin was officially at 3:00.  However, at 4:30, we still didn't have a room, and had to talk to the front desk in order to get one.
- We ordered room service with a wait time of an hour; it took about an hour and a half to receive and food.
- We never received maid service in the two days we were there, though we turned on our service light.  On the day we were set to check out, the maid tried to enter our room even though the privacy light was on and it was before time to check out.

However, with the amount of guests they deal with on a regular basis and the outstanding experience as a whole, we'll still give it 5 stars!  We've stayed in 4 hotels on the Strip, and this is our favorite BY FAR!  Highly recommend.I have a much longer review on TripAdvisor, but unfortunately on yelp it was too long.
To sum ARIA up:
-Check in is easy, the lines are long like everywhere else in Vegas, but they handle it very well.
-Rooms are comfortable, clean, and up to date. Very tech friendly. They have USB ports available to charge multiple items at once, and your Fire stick will work on their TVs if you feel the need to bring it.
-Guest room bathrooms are spotless from floor to ceiling. Housekeeping does an excellent job during your stay and comes 2x a day. If you miss the morning, they will be back.
-We walked through every inch of the hotel that was available to us, and everything was impeccable. If you bother to check your in-room tablet, they do leave guests messages occasionally. Ours warned us that they were in the middle of updating/remodeling parts of the hotel and apologized for how it may look during this time period. I saw a few complaints in other reviews, and this is probably what they saw.
-Security is very prominent and all staff in this hotel is ready to assist you if needed.
-The casino is the busiest we went to throughout the hotels. It is busier than the Bellagio, Vdara, New York New York, and Monte Carlo. It is also cleaner than others and very well taken care of. Do not expect to have a quiet casino night. Cocktail waitresses are always nearby and there is always something open for you to use, as the casino floor is pretty vast.
-All the restaurants we tried were delicious (Lemongrass, Jean Phillipe, Aria Cafe, the Buffet, and room service).
-I would not recommend bringing kids here, but if you absolutely have to stay here and bring them, there is a game room available upstairs, and I believe it charges by the hour. I'm not sure if an adult has to be present or not.
-This hotel is amazing and I think people overlook it because the Bellagio is nearby. From our experience - ARIA has a lot over the Bellagio, especially in activities, decor, and general attitudes. We did not meet one ARIA employee who seemed grumpy or miserable for our entire stay. Every single employee we passed at any given time said hello.
-The walls are thick and the only thing you will hear is the occasional loud drunkie passing your room in the hallway. Even then, it is very muffled.
-ARIA Express Tram is free to use to go to Bellagio, Crystals, or the Monte Carlo.
-If you absolutely have to have a view, call them ahead of time and ask for a strip view. It may cost extra. Our room faced the Cosmopolitan and a few other hotels and it was still beautiful.

We will be staying here from now on whenever we visit Vegas.If you are looking for a hotel casino with a modern design in Vegas, this is it. Everything is designed, down to the nook and crannies with lavish materials and all in the modern style.

This was a real break from the traditional old Vegas paradigm where the decor was gaudy with unrestrained exuberance of abominable reddish patterns and crystal glass chandeliers. You still see traditional Interior designs at the Wynn, Bellagio and Caesar's palace. unfortunately some people still like to seek refuge in traditional design.This is a 5 star resort and it definitely deserves all 5 of those stars. Three of us stayed in Deluxe queen room with mountain view and we enjoyed every minute of it.

Security is in effect at all times and you must show your room key to the attendant in order to go up the elevators to the rooms.

Let's talk about the room for a minute... An iPad comes with room. Its exclusive to the room and cannot be used outside of the room. You can order room service, take out, look up restaurants and bars, look up spas and other amenities or control your room such as the drapes or set the alarm. The thermostat can be controlled by the iPad, or you can go old school and use the wall thermostat to get the right temperature for you. There are remote controlled shades, and you can choose black out or sheer from the iPad too.

The room comes with a fully stocked mini bar with light snacks such as chips, crackers and assorted nuts. This comes at a price of course. Your room will be charged. The bathroom has a Garden tub and separate shower with a private toilet area.

There are 2 luggage racks, 2 closets, plenty of drawer space for your clothes and an iron and ironing board so there's no excuse to walk around wrinkled. There's a safe to store your valuables in the middle drawer of the nightstand. You create and program your own code. I absolutely loved this room.

The resort have a variety of restaurants, shopping choices and a game room with comfortable seating and stations to play XBox and PS4. Check their hours of operation if you're into gaming. The casino is huge and there's no shortage of whatever your gambling pleasure is. Bring plenty of money.

Overall, I have nothing but good things to say about the Aria. My experience was totally awesome!We're in Vegas Baby, the room the view was beautiful . The only real issue I had was,that when we pressed on service, trying too request fresh towels! No came, we actually walked up the hallway looking for housekeeping. And while checking-in we told the clerk we were here celebrating my Bestie BDay, then she mentioned oh, that's nice ! I'm sending something up stairs for you guys! Nope, nothing got sent!!! Ehhhh so disappointedAfter a bad experience earlier this year I was offered a room upgrade.  This room was a Tower Suite and had a corner view of the strip.  The view was great.  The suite included 1 1/2 bathrooms, a large living room with a nice seating area and table for 4.  The bedroom was the best with two walls of glass.  The bathroom was really large, had a Japanese style toilet and a beautiful bathtub.  

Management read my last review and wanted to make my next experience a good one.  They succeeded.Aria is an official 5-diamond hotel and it's nice overall but I question if it's truly of the caliber of other 5-diamond properties (I don't know because I've never stayed in one). For example, the hallway on the 24th floor looked beat-to-hell (scuffs all over the doors and walls, dirty ripped carpet) to the point I had to look Aria up to confirm it's only six years old. 

I booked through a luxury hotel collection that included a bunch of perks including daily breakfast credits, food & beverage credit, room upgrade and late checkout. For what we paid and the included perks, it was a good value. 

Now, I'm not sure how great the "upgrade" that we got really was. We still had the smallest room available (king deluxe) on the 24th floor, which was less than halfway to the top, but it did face the strip and I supposed it was better than being on the 10th floor facing the freeway, so I guess that's the upgrade. The tablet that controlled the room was a fun gimmick but the battery life was crap and it was dead after an hour off of its dock. I could see them phasing these out eventually. 

Breakfast was a $60 per day credit we could use at Aria Cafe, the Buffet or room service. This was a great perk and saved us a ton of money (I have other Yelp reviews of these places). 

We also had a $100 food & beverage credit that could be applied to any restaurant in Aria. I do like that Aria has a large number of restaurants on-site. We spent most of the credit at Lemongrass and the rest at the pool. 

One big annoyance was that on the last day I called down to the front desk around 9am to confirm we'd be taking advantage of the complimentary late checkout and would be departing at 3pm. Even so, someone knocked on the door at noon under the guise of a "quality check" which was actually just asking us why we were still in the room. It's details like this that make me question Aria's 5-diamond status.

Overall solid property in a great location with forgivable problems. It's not perfect but I'd stay here again.The aria is a pretty nice hotel for a good price.  I love the electronic pad you use to control the room and the room itself is really nice and I enjoyed my stay.  The hotel is really cool and big.

We also used the spa which was amazing and I highly recommend.  For 40 dollars you can use the stone salt room pools and stream and sauana.  Totally worth it and you will feel amazing!!!

Only negative is the resteraunts they are all super over priced and not good.  Really bad service at all of them.Last year we stayed here for a week. We thought it was pretty good already, but this year things are even better. They have more choices of restaurants, you can virtually eat anything your heart desires. We love buffets and this year it was great last year it was good. Many more high end items which reliefs the sticker shock of paying 40 bucks per person. The all you can eat king crab legs and ahí tuna make it well worth it. I had a New England clam bake that will be etched in my memory for ever. I also the best night sleep I have had in probably ten years. And it goes without saying the rooms are fantastic. We have stayed at at leat a dozen properties in Las Vegas and Aria is our favorite.All in all, very classy place in the heart of all that's good about Vegas! Rooms are clean, modern and hi-tech! The resort offers multiple restaurants so there is something for everybody, and most spots are open to at least midnight. You will indeed pay a premium for anything purchased at this resort, whether it is a bottle of water, a burger or a beer - not that this is anything different from the other higher end resorts on the strip. The staff is all EXTREMELY friendly and attentive, but I recommend if you are interested in gaming you head to one of the other close spots - maybe Monte Carlo?? Aria only offered continuous shuffle blackjack and 90% of the tables open on a Wednesday night were $100 per hand - okay if you are winning, but we had absolutely no luck at the Aria with gaming! In spite of this, I would totally stay here again! :-)Pretty sweet place. Looks bigger from the outside that it really is,  but very clean and modern. The air smells strange... like Vanilla.. or something... can barely smell the cigarette smoke. Rooms are usually clean ( though they take a looong time to get ready). NEVER SEEN A SLOT MACHINE WITH $$5K PER SPIN!!!??? Wowowowwow. Some lady hit the wheel of fortune last time we came (not cool, it was my turn). This time was supposed to be my go but we ended up at Topgolf instead. Far walk :( take Uber. Staff is so nice Definitely like the aria.In my quest as a frequent Vegas traveler to stay at all the nice hotels on the strip, the Aria was my next stop. 

The building is absolutely stunning. The inside is top notch and plenty of things around that'll catch your eye. The water wall outside is really cool, make sure you snap a picture by it.

The room was very nice. I love that it was so modern. My favorite thing about the room by far has to be the tablet that controls everything in the room. I would myself just finding any reason to do something with it. I also liked the shower/tub combination in the bathroom. The room was very clean and room service did an excellent job keeping everything tidy. 

The casinos has a lot of games to play. If you're into slots, they have plenty of those. I'm a table game person and it was tons of those around to indulge in. I'm also a sports better and they have one of the best I've been to on the strip. Nice amount of tables and seats to sit at and enjoy all the action. 

I didn't partake into any of the restaurants at the hotel, but from what I could see, there were nice size crowds there. Something must be good at them! 

Check in was a breeze and very quick. Staff was nice, attentive, and did their job extremely well. What more could I ask for. I really enjoyed my stay at the Aria. I will definitely be back and can't wait!Was very impressed. Usually stay Bellagio for biz but pivoted this time to better rooms, gym and food/drink amenities. As FYI beds comfy and bathrooms spacious. Central location made easy jump point to conference & client meals. Weekday prices of great value. Will be back next biz trip then maybe even bring family if opportunity presents.Having a great time at the Aria hotel. Checked in July 4th for a four night stay and enjoying the room and pool areas. The room had an excellent view of the fireworks on the 4th.  The Aria has restaurants with great tasting food. However, the Aria buffet could use some tweaking.  Be prepared for some mandatory Aria fees such as the fitness center ($35 a day), room refrigerator ($25 a day), and if you're driving into Vegas a daily parking fee of $10. Since the Aria recently started charging for self parking, make sure that you take care of your parking fee before you leave the garage. You may want to also prepare for any delays that may occur upon exiting the garage. I will say that the Aria has impeccable room service and customer service in general. If you have any concerns whatsoever, the Aria will resolve them to your satisfaction. Overall, this hotel is great.Well, I think Aria poker room is the best so far, though the waiting list is long and this is Monday. Clean table, nice room. And there are blackjack slot you can play when you are on the list waiting to play. You will meet many incredible players here.I stay at the Aria once or twice a year and always have a good experience. It's such a nice break from the usual Vegas decor. Get a strip view room, as high up as possible, and order coffee in the morning - its worth the price. Love the modern room controls as well.Loved my stay at the Aria! Get service, great atmosphere. It's my new go-to spot on the strip. :)Can't come to Vegas and not stay here! 1st trip was so good we decided to come back 1 year later! I love how energetic and clean the entire place is. I love the location and how it's tucked behind everything else a bit. Easy to get to and accessible via the tram to Bellagio! We upgraded our room both times, so we have stayed in the basic deluxe room, and the 2nd time it was a huge Marilyn Monroe themed room...this year the room was huge with a ton of big windows. We ate at Javier's which was pretty good. I went to the spa all 3 days which is my favourite! Love it allLooking for a medium budget resort on the Strip?  This is the place.  Brand new, and sparkling, this hotel is obviously an instant favorite for travelers across the globe.  The rooms are spacious, and have a tablet controlling all the lights/temperature/drapes, etc.  My room looked out over the pools of The Cosmopolitan located next door-warning, they have a huge, loud pool party at certain times on the weekend, but it closes down about 6pm I believe.  While many resorts on the Strip cater to families, this is not one of them.  It just does not have that vibe.  Enjoying Las Vegas and all it's craziness is part of it's charm, but sometimes you just want to go back to a quiet room for a break-and this resort totally understands that.  I would definitely come back and stay here again!Nice upscale hotel! Spacious room than Cosmopolitan and we had nice view from the 22nd floor. Nice casino and staff.What a resort !! Talking about tower suites. It seems to be a brand new tower building.Room is exceptional,very very clean,modern,spacious and panoramic views from corner suite are great,except for a construction site down below.Private lounge is are bonus with unlimited snacks and beverages. Cant wait to experience pools with dj and famous pub!!It's one of the newest hotels. It's is clean and modern. From the top floors you have an amazing view. Besides, there is a tablet next to the bed which basically controls everything in the room, e.g. light, tv, curtains, room service... Loving that hotel. Only 4 stars because one of the towels had some stains.Nice hotel, fantastic customer service! Everything is in great condition. Will definitely be staying here again  soon.After attending the grand opening of Aria years ago, I was so impressed that I vowed to return here and check out the restaurants, bars, etc. again.
I have been back a number of times, and over the years, restaurants and bars have changed.
Aria is still overall a gem, in my opinion. Self parking is relatively easy (for now), and the many dining/drinking options are top notch. The updated casino bars still look brand new! They have quite the cocktail program, and I had a very good orange something cocktail at Alibi lounge shortly after it opened. I brought a few visitors here and they enjoyed watching the action at the tables and checking out the many dining options for future consideration. The whole property has an upscale appeal, in my opinion, and is one of the few resorts that I'd go out of my way to hang out at on the Strip.By far, the best hotel I've stayed in! The ONLY hotel in Vegas that I have stayed in. My first time in Vegas and walking to my hotel room was such a trip! Words cannot express how beautiful this Aria resort & casino is! It's a bit confusing to me when walking around the casino floor but I am so in love! I stayed at the Aria for 4 days 3 nights. My king bed was perfect, service was fantastic, and our pool was located on the promenade level. I wish I can write a novel about how amazing Aria is to me! I may sound over dramatic when I really say Aria is beautiful place! The front desk was awesome! Our tablet for our bedroom with the drapes and curtains was awesome! Everything was awesome!Ate at the buffet at the Aria. I am gluten free and the chef came out personally and showed me all the gluten free options. I was so impressed!!! Lots of choices and a really nice buffet all around. The food was impressive. I'll be back, I come to Vegas often for business so it's nice to have a really nice place to eat with lots of gluten free choices. Thank you Aria and the Chef who showed me around.i wavered between 3 & 4 stars, but the aria gets 4 just because it is a beautiful hotel.  since it was one of the places we have been wanting to stay, we ran away from home (9 miles away) and stayed last night.  when you enter the room the window shades open automatically, which is very cool, especially since we had a strip view. 
the first thing we noticed when we got in bed is that it was slanted...with feet higher than our heads, a little odd, and the bed was soft but very lumpy.  since we were exhausted, it didn't stop us from sleeping.
in the morning, such a LOUD racket!  when we left the room we discovered there was construction on that floor.  they were scraping the wallpaper off and hammering off things.  why was anyone staying on that floor!!!
and i was not impressed with the bath supplies; not much lather in the shampoo or bath soap.
when i checked out, i mentioned the bed issue and the construction to jasmine, who checked me out.  she apologized, (and of course not her fault), but there was no compensation or offer of an aria bag or anything.  so for those reasons, they don't get 5 stars.
i took pictures of the bed and the hallway work, but i can't find a place to post them with this review.I love the Aria. So many great memories here. Jewel Nightclub just opened up and it is great. Such a good vibe. Service is outstanding. Everything is five star.I try to stay at a different hotel/casino every time I go to Las Vegas.  This time was no different.  Thanks to my high-rolling mother, I snagged a Tower Suite on the 9th floor (pictures to follow shortly, as I took them with my real camera instead of my phone to do the room and view justice).

CHECK-IN:  maybe it's the "new" thing, but the lobby features a mobile check-in station that didn't ever appear to have anyone using it.  It seems as most people chose to do it the old-fashioned way and wait in the mile-long line at the front desk.  For the high-rollers and higher-tiered MLife members, there is a special, secluded Tower Suites lounge that provides you with a convenient, no-line check-in process.  There are numerous comfortable chairs and couches, tables, and a refreshment bar with soda, water, juice, coffee, and pastries.  For those of us travelers who literally step off the airplane and go straight to the hotel, there is an actual powder room (no toilet) that has a sink, various toiletries (mouth wash, lotion, face towels) available to freshen up.

LAYOUT:  as with most casinos for me, it takes me a minute or two to gain my bearings of the casino.  The signs in the Aria are actually pretty helpful.  I was able to find the elevators in a timely manner and, thankfully as an added security measure, there is an employee in front of the elevators checking to make sure people who pass have a room key.

ROOM:  my review won't due it justice.  Mind you, I only experienced a suite.  The suite featured 1.5 baths, the full bath including a spacious shower with sitting area, private toilet with warmed seat and bedet, two sinks, a vanity mirror, large closet, Jacuzzi, telephone, and television.  They stock your bathroom with the necessary toiletries and then-some:  shampoo/conditioner, oatmeal soap, dental kits, Gilette shaving gel, razor, lotion, bathrobes, and slippers.  There is an "office" area with desk, chair, and various ports for your electronics. But the absolute BEST part of the room?? The two tablets they provide you with that control everything, and I do mean everything,  you could think of from the lighting to the drapes, the TVs, music, temperature, room service, and whether or not you need maid service.

RESTAURANTS: I'm going to use separate reviews for the eating establishments.


Overall, a very nice hotel and casino. The customer service could use a little overhaul in comparison to other casinos, but I would definitely recommend this one:-)

Yelp Challenge #20/100Booked aria for my stay in Vegas the past weekend and I have to say I'm thoroughly impressed with the rooms. When aria opened, I did walk through the casino and the shops but this is my first stay. I definitely love the modern decor and check in was a breeze, we did get there early like at 130, we were able to check in, even though we got a lower floor room, the room was still great!

The room was pretty nice upon walking in. Right next to the door are controls for the room. So if you press the good night button, it shuts all lights off in the room. You can also control the room settings from the provided iPad , tv or buttons in the room! I'm one for blackout curtains and I desperately needed a nap and they blocked all the light! The bed was so comfortable and big, my bf and I had a pretty good sleep and the pillows did not suck! The bathroom is huge but the one thing that I did like was how the shower/tub and toilet were all separated with their own clear doors from the vanity! Makes it great when everything in the bathroom isnt steamy! 

Whenever I come back to Vegas again, aria would definitely be on the top of my list for hotels to stay at!That buffet was the BOMB!!! Thank you or satisfying my stomach! Our group had a great time your staff was legit as well !!! Will return when in Vegas again for sure!Great rooms and staff. Our check-in was fast and efficient as they offer mobile check-in. The rooms are large as well as the bathrooms. Love the double closets and sinks, it makes a difference when traveling with your spouse. 

The hotel's buffet is pricey but delicious. They have foods from around the world and a wide selection. They up charge for lobster but they do have an all you can drink package. 

The lobby bar is fun with lots of ppl watching. Drinks are strong and they have a piano player at night. The only down fall is its not smoke free.Staying here with some friends for my first time at EDC and so far I'm having a blast. No problems so far.Stayed at the Aria and was very pleased! Definitely a busy hotel (I guess they all are though). We arrived around 6:30pm and had a very quick check in. I believe my husband pre-checked in online and we just went to the self service check in and got keys in under 5 mins. 
We stayed on the 3rd floor so not much of a view but who cares? The room was for sleeping in only! 
Upon entry the room lit up- fancyyyy. We stayed in the King Deluxe room. There was more than enough space for two people in there. Lots of storage and plenty of counter space in the restroom too. The bathroom had different types of lighting and was really well lit (what you need so you don't look like clown after doing your makeup). There was a tub and shower equipped with the works (shampoo, conditioner, soap).
The location of the hotel was pretty nice. It's pretty central to everything. It can be confusing when you try to orient yourself so you can leave though. Other than that- I don't have any complaints- everything was seamless during our stay!I stayed at Aria for the first time in October 2015.  I am just writing now because we have booked for THIS October - because the place was so wonderful. 

The ladies in my family have been coming to Las Vegas since 2001.  We have always stayed at either Caesars Palace or Bellagio. Last year we wanted to try something new and heard good things about Aria.  We took a chance.....and obviously couldn't be happier.  

I called about a month before our arrival date and asked if we could get our 2 rooms close to each other.  In all of the years we have been going to Vegas, we were never even on the same floor.  The woman I spoke with said that she would make a note, but since we were checking in at 11 PM, there were no guarantees.  Well, we got to the desk and Robin was HAPPY to help us.  We were celebrating a birthday (just as we are this year) and when she heard that, she said that she would see what she could do.  A few moments later she said that we would be staying in the Sky Suite part of the hotel.  We had no idea what that meant, but we were very excited since the rooms would be together.  Well - what a treat we had for the week!  Not only were our rooms RIGHT next to each other, but we were able to take advantage of the fabulous extras that Aria Sky Suites offer!  The pools, the "lounge" (yes, there was wine and cheese at night!), and EVERY single person who worked there - all top notch. 

The people who worked in the lounge of the Sky Suites got to know our names, and even what we liked to drink!  The waitresses at the pool were always attentive and friendly!  After so many years of coming to Vegas we have had our share of crabby pool staff - not at Aria!  The drinks were fantastic, the food by the pool was JUST what you want while basking in the sun, and even the other visitors were cheerful and friendly.  Again - something you do not always find at a Las Vegas hotel. 

We are everyday people, but at the Aria we were treated with such care and consideration - we felt like VIPs!

Aria not only met our expectations, but the staff and the hotel itself far exceeded anything we imagined.

We are so excited to go back this October!  We added an entire extra day to the trip JUST because Aria was too hard to leave.  See you soon!I've stayed at most of the main Vegas hotels and ARIA is consistently amazing! The variety of things to do is awesome. It's a good balance of class and party atmosphere. MGM is great but I feel that it's a little too crazy.  Aria has a fun pool and a good mix of people visiting the hotel.Didn't get to stay here but I like this Hotel & Casino a lot due to its cleanliness, one of the hotels that doesn't seem to be overcrowded with visitors and the mall in the in hotel is amazing in how its connected to the hotel.

I definitely intend on staying at Aria sometime in the future and hope they continue to be one of the best looking hotels on the strip.Enjoyed my stay at The Aria while I was visit Las Vegas from April 25 - 27, 2016. Thank you for your hospitality and special accommodations. I'll definitely return to Aria when I'm visiting Sin City again.Well located and well maintained. great pools and execellent service. The gym is great and supports the daily work! The only isaue is that people smoke in the lobby and hotel areas.Great hotel loved it and would definitely stay here again. Lovely rooms well kept secure and clean. By the way the safe is located in the nightstand I couldn't find it. Casino is great lots of places to eat. Starbucks is located on the promenade level if you're in need of a latte. Plenty of cabs out front and there is a designated Uber / Lyft area. Great location highly recommend this hotelStill the best. My wife and I are always impressed by the Aria! The staff members we encounter are always courteous and gracious. The restaurants are amazing. There's always something for everyone.

 The housekeeping was unbelievable. Every day we return back to our room and it was completely made over. You can clearly see that the housekeeping staff takes the extra steps to make everything perfect. 

Viv Who works at the M life desk is just fantastic. Every encounter that my wife and I had with her was unbelievable. She's super positive and upbeat. 

The floral arrangements in and around the Aria are unbelievably beautiful.In my opinion, this is the classiest hotel I've seen in Las Vegas. The architecture work on it is impressive and massive and it is definitely one of the most modern. The inside is large, super clean rooms and the staff has been very helpful. I has the chance to explore their pools and they were on point and the space is well secured.. Will definitely go back !I live in Vegas and have been to this hotel a lot! 
There are several great restaurants and it;s very clean. 

The rooms are very sophisticated and modern. Beds are comfy and I LOVE the bidets in some of the suite rooms but one thing I cannot stand is the towels..they are SO ridiculously uncomfortable and NOT  soft at all. I just don't get it.I'm between 3.5 and 4 on this but rounding up because service is always great here. I've stayed here a few times and the rooms have always been clean and with pretty good views/high floors. Their beds are super comfy. With the Crystal shops around the corner, you don't need to venture far from the hotel to get your shopping done. Aria itself has a great restaurant selection. Everything from Italian to French to a steakhouse to casual things like pizza and beer. Most importantly (for my sweet tooth), it features Jean Philippe patisserie which is open 24/7 and offers delicious dessert. The pools are nice and the cabana and spa rates are reasonable by Vegas standards. My major complaint is that the last two times I came here the line to check in was extremely long. Both times I tried to do mobile check in prior to arrival but their site kept crashing, so I had to wait in that ridiculous line. Side note for those of you who haven't been here in a while, there is now a parking fee. I believe it was around $15/self $20/valet per night.I have been extremely happy with the hotel staff, food and room. We recieved a great rate on our room and was very excited to stay. I am a woman of color along with my husband who looks like a NFL player and did not exprience an type of unfortunate experience. We will be back again.Great resort, got nice view with inexpensive upgrade. Great service. 
Especially enjoyed pool area, with exceptional service and stuff being very friendly and accommodating.I can never get enough of Vegas, so staying at the Aria was the perfect location for me to enjoy my conference as well as take in Vegas. Situated at the right spot on the strip. 

I can't remember the name of the burger place in the hotel, but the burger was cooked thin and well which was just how I like it. Granted the burger cost $12, all in all, it hit the spot.Amazing place, very clean. Even though room service was slow. Staff are very friendly.This was my second time staying at Aria - the first time around was a short one night stay since we were just on the strip for a concert that night. The hotel is beautiful, centrally located, and "close" (vegas close) to the hotels/casinos my friends and I tend to frequent. Because of my M-life card, we scored some great deals on the rooms (on the website, the room we got for  ~$180 was listed at ~$400 ... I'll take it! We had 3 rooms under my name - 2 with 2 queen beds and 1 with a king bed. I totally understand that connected rooms are not guaranteed, but I did request it at booking, confirmed before checkin, at checkin at 10AM, and said we would wait for our rooms as long as we had to... and our 2 queen rooms ended up being just 1 room apart. I guess it's better that we were that close than super far, but come on.

Check in/Check out - Check in here is one of the most inefficient processes I've seen at any vegas hotel I've stayed at. Mobile check in means you don't get to talk to a human with requests. Talking to a human means standing in a crazy long line only to be told that you have to talk to different people for the different questions you have (I needed a key to the room that was already checked into the day before and wanted to request connecting rooms for the other two) - meaning more lines. I've stayed at a few other hotels around this one, and I must say - those were a lot better. Check-out was fine - we paid extra for late checkout and they said if we left earlier, to let them know and we wouldn't get charged. We stayed late and I did mobile check out, which was easy enough - however, I had to call to get a final itemized bill - which I think should be automatically emailed out if you're doing mobile-check out.

Rooms - The rooms are great, spacious, and beautiful. The beds were meh, in my opinion - I tossed and turned the entire first night. There's a tablet that controls everything. Although the tablet said it was 64 degrees in our room, all of us woke up throughout the night with complaints of it being hot. The shower was great with good pressure. The only issue (that everyone I've ever talked about Aria to also has) I had with the rooms was that there's one group of elevators and the building is LONG - which ends up being super annoying (especially when one of your friends has a room on the other end, about the same distance from the elevator as you). Free wifi is great :)

Casino - I am not a fan of the casino here; I would much rather gamble elsewhere. Even on previous visits, I haven't found that the craps dealers are as friendly, helpful, and enthusiastic as other casinos and this trip didn't change my mind on that. We started here, played a bet, and immediately decided to go elsewhere. Our last morning here, we did play blackjack and those dealers were MUCH better (interesting, too, considering craps is considered the more social game).

Pool - we went to the Aria pool on a Saturday and with 6 out of 8 of us showing up around 2pm, you would have thought it would have been hard to find lounge chairs next to each other, however, the attendants were great in bringing chairs to squeeze by the few that our friends were able to save for us. We ordered food and drinks - food was ok, drinks were good, service was slower but good. A few small things were missing, but overall it was fine! There are water coolers around so you can help yourself which is great (not cold, though). 

Food/Drinks - Didn't try too much at this hotel but... Starbucks is conveniently located on the promenade level by the guest elevators and while there is always a long line, it's expected and convenient! Jean Phillippe is delicious! Food and drinks at the pool were pretty good. Aria cafe was decent for breakfast, but not something I would frequent again with all the other options around. 

Concierge - I called the concierge (Kevin Carmona) to have them deliver a birthday treat for the person who checked in a night earlier in one of our rooms. It was very easy to order through him, he was very detailed about what they offered and the costs associated with it, and he said it would get there within an hour or two of check in and it did! 

Overall, we enjoyed our stay here. For the most part, all employees were friendly and accommodating! We would probably stay here again.I booked a room here with some friends during March Madness to hang at their sportsbook. Totally fun! There are plenty of TVs and a few different areas to view the basketball games. The line to place wagers was long, but moved swiftly. Beware: The rooms are more pricey during this time. The room was clean and had a nice view. 

The fitness room had about 20 treadmills, elipticals and stationary bikes were all in good shape. There were also weight machines and free weights so you can do your own Hans and Franz impersonation. Yes, I'm in Vegas and yes I did workout. Strangely, it was pretty crowded the days I went.

There was a Starbucks in house and an iced coffee was in order every morning. A nice pastry cafe is on the main (casino) level.First time in Vegas, so I don't have much to compare it to, but the rooms were very nice, clean, comfortable, and in great shape with no obvious signs of wear and tear.  

The casino was also modern and clean, the dealers were pros, and the atmosphere was pleasant.  The food options around the hotel were fine, though Carbone was a disappointment.

The pool scene is great, but bring a fat wallet if you plan to drink.  

The spa is terrific - one of the best I've been to - and reasonably priced at $40 for a day pass.  

When I return to Vegas, I'll definitely look at Aria first when booking.Aria is right next to Monte Carlo... I just love the architecture of this hotel. The glass design and everything about the structure is just beautiful. 

Of course like other hotels and Casino in Vegas there's smoke smell lingering around BUT this one was not as bad. It wasn't where I felt like I was having a lung cancer in 2secs of the 2nd hand smoke. I felt this way at many other hotels. 

I have never stayed at this hotel but it looks beautiful with the water fountain in front. When the chance comes, I do want to stay at this hotel since it is central of the strip.My husband and I are gold players with Mlife no we got an excellent rate for  penthouse in the sky suites! Beautiful decor, great gaming, great cafe and food. Couldn't have been happier with our stay. The room was like a condo, everything was upgraded and modern. Floor to ceiling Windows and the bath was memorable. I will be staying again and we will be playing here again. Friendly staff. The only downside was we had continuously have security let us in our room since the keys never worked be they didn't bother to fix it.This hotel is very chic, filled with technology & clean but not a five star hotel because the amount of walking and time required to access your hotel room. As a former varsity cross country runner, the walking is not an issue but my time is valuable regardless of where I'm staying or going. The positives of staying here was a great view of the strip and the hip vibes that the Aria radiates...Wow! This hotel is AWESOME! Everything is connected in the room; I clicked a button to close and open the drapes. All their services are on their device, of which there is one per room. It's awesome! Their bathroom is really nice too; there's a standing shower as well as a tub! 

One minor complaint though: when I entered the room, the last customers' empty water bottle and half-eaten salsa was still there. I didn't want to eat any of it, but it gave a dent in the otherwise very good impression. It wasn't until my second or third day that they fully stocked my refrigerator and water/chocolate/etc. Also, I really wish they gave me a full refrigerator rather than a stocked one. 

In any case, very good stay, would recommend!What can I say about this beautiful, amazing hotel. We came to Vegas all the time and this was our first time staying at Aria bc we got lucky and happened to be in our price range (usually it never is). My boyfriend has always wanted to stay here and it happens to be his birthday weekend so I got us a room here. And we were so amazed. They upgraded our room for free for a strip view room and it was so beautiful. The room was perfect and had everything you needed. No hotel compares to Aria. I didn't want to leave. The best hotel we stayed at. We used to like the palms and planet Hollywood but Aria tops it all. Thank you for an amazing experience!Aria Hotel Resort and Casino has been our Go To Hotel for the last 4 Vegas trips. We really enjoyed the bar/lounge great place to relax have a drink and people watch. Plenty of TVs to watch the game.
The hotel it's self is excellent the rooms are nice and clean. 
They gave a Starbucks right in the hotel and the pastry shop by the elevators was amazing.
Become an MLife Member call MLife to book your room. The discount was amazing vs going to book a room online.
The staff was so nice. I needed my dress shirts washed pressed for a work convention they had it done in 6 hours.

Our last evening we went to Mastros which is in the Chrystal Shops. Excellent way to end the trip!

The Gift shop has some really cool jewelry.The Aria is a modern, luxury hotel that has nice rooms and great restaurants.

For those who come to Vegas for shopping, it also is near a luxury mall that has every high end retailer imaginable.

The rooms are very nice and I love all of the controls you have, particularly from the bedside tablet.  The bathrooms are also really nice, with a wonderful shower.

The beds are kind of soft.  Some people may like them, but I got a sore back.

The bars on the main floor had some good entertainment--and they were packed.  I did not get to the nightclub Jewel, but lines were always really long.

The sports book is not large, but nice and very efficient.

The Aria is a great hotel if you are visiting Law Vegas.Beautiful property, contemporary decor, technologically advanced rooms and check in/out services with an ideal "city center" location.  Easy walk to anything along the strip or if you prefer, there's a convenient free monorail, "Aria Express" that takes you to Monte Carlo, Bellagio and the other city center locations (I think it runs until 4am). Spencer who checked us in at the mobile check in desk was wonderful. Very detailed, customer service oriented and made for an overall pleasant and speedy check in process.Wow, the Aria is a beautiful hotel and casino as our stay here was simply fantastic!  The rooms are elegant and spacious and all of the eating establishments are first class.  I love how technology has come full circle with the electronic curtains and the programmable wake up call.  This has got to be one of the best hotels and casinos in Las Vegas, cheers!I don't usually review hotels but this one is just great. From the elegant and modern rooms to the clean smelling casino and hip feel, everything is really fantastic. Even when you dial zero operators are as friendly as I've ever heard and very helpful. This is just a great place to stay in Las Vegas and should be on your list for sure.Nicest hotel I've stayed at in Vegas. Clean and high tech, the in room tablet control from everything from tv and lights to drapes to room service is awesome. The place doesn't have that old grimy feel that some of the older hotels have, and my allergies didn't pop up from hazes of cigarette smoke, surprisingly. Very modern and upscale place, would love to stay there again. 
I do not like the room fridges where you can't use he space for personal storage, and had to dispute some charges because it automatically registers if you move things in there. Shower pressure was not great but at least the temperature was nice and hot. 
Room service is ridiculously expensive, but it's Vegas I suppose. The food was great, though.
Check in and out was pretty painless aside from lines.
Next years conference I'll try to book again.This review is for the wonderful Lobby Bar. Exquisite cocktails, good pours, all served by handsome, affable, no attitude bartenders. Great place to while away the afternoon in between shopping and slots.I've stayed here for years. I love the prompt service and the clean environment. I also love how they turned the room control wireless. This is our go to place.It has been 18 years since I've been to Vegas, so my wife and I wanted to make sure that we ended up in a great hotel.  We also decided to take our two best friends (who have never been to Vegas).  After careful deliberations, the Aria was top on our list.  

Ok, first impression:  the hotel is enormous!  The lobby décor is just ok, and if you want to skip the long check in line, use the app, but you might not get the room you wanted with that.  When we arrived at 11am our room was not ready yet, and they said that they would send us a text when the room was ready.  We opted for the mountain view because strip view was $30 more per day.  Around 2:30, we received the text and to our surprise, our room was on partial strip view.  We could see the mountains, the Cosmopolitan next door and Planet Hollywood across the street, with partial views of other hotels.  

The room itself is huge!  The bathroom is probably the best I've seen at a hotel.  We love the shower with a tub right next to it, and also the double vanity was a bonus especially with a husband and wife.  At first I was a little confused about where the controls for the blinds were, and then I remembered that they were on the ipad controls.  It's really cool how you can access everything from that.  The room really darkens great with the blinds, which is perfect when napping in the afternoon.  There is an in room safe, but you really have to look for it because it's really not easy to find.  **Be careful of the mini-bar.  You take something and put it back, you might get charged for it.  My friends didn't even touch their mini bar and were charged, but they did get it taken off the bill.  The one thing about these rooms that they are very very quiet. We did not hear a peep from anybody in any of the rooms around us. 

The Cosmopolitan hotel has a bar/club right next door and on the weekends it really gets loud.  We were on the 29th floor of the Aria and man could we hear the music.  I can just imagine the sound if you were actually there.  So here's a tip....if you want some piece and quiet during the day on the weekends, ask for a room that does not face that hotel.  

Because we were so hungry on that first day we decided to go downstairs to the Aria Café to grab lunch.  Yes, the time change had us all out of whack.  The meal was ok, but was a little pricey.  $100 for 4 people is a bit pricy for lunch.  On the other end of the spectrum, we ate at the Aria buffet on our last night there.  Because my wife and I played the Konami slots on our Iphones, we gathered enough points for two 2-1 buffets there.  Let me tell you, they have every kind of food that you would ever want.  I think the only food I didn't see was Indian, and I probably didn't look hard enough.  From the salad to the prime rib to the seafood to the Italian food, it was all excellent.  Our server; I believe her name was Yesssie, was excellent!  She was probably the hardest worker there.  It was amazing to see her carry all those plates without dropping a single thing.  Kudos to her and the rest of the staff.  BTW, we were all so full when we left there.  This buffet is much better than the Bellagio's.  

The casino is very nice and open and does get loud at times, but that is really because of the live music and the pumped in music.  If you want to get comps, make sure you get an MLife card.  We didn't really gamble as much as others, and we got two nights room convenience fees removed from the bill.  

As I said earlier, this place is enormous.  You can, and will, get lost at times.  They need to make the signs a little more clearer for the guest elevators because they are kind of hidden.  The Aria is part of the City Center area that has the Vdara, and the Mandarin Oriental hotel.  There is also a very pricey mall there (ya, my wallet just jumps out of my pocket when I walk past those stores).  Id say what the Aria was missing was a food court area (unless I just didn't see it).  There is also a free tram that takes you from the Aria/ Monte Carlso, to the Vdara, and to the Bellagio.  I'd like to see tram go the other way like to the New York, Excalibor, Luxor, and Mandaly Bay.  

The one thing that the Aria really needs to work on is their sports book area. The ones at Bellagio and Caesars were much bigger and nicer. This one seems like it was just kind of put in the back as an afterthought. And it really gets crammed in there on Weekends. 

All in all, it was a great trip and would definitely stay at the Aria again.First and for most I was a bit hesitant to stay her because of the mix reviews,lately I saw there was reviews about  the parking how theres a fee now. Yup welcome to vegas all hotels do that! Anyways  if u r m life member u can get free parking at any mgm hotel.

My check in was super easy! I was also afraid because I read reviews saying that the lines are super long to check in well no duh what do u expect! Anyways I did the mobile check in it was super easy. Got there and went to the mobile check in & was out of there in 2 minutes. 

As far as staff my experience was great no one was rude! I played in the casino both days and never on the tables and was offer multiple  times  for drinks.. theres some reviews saying that no one offered I'm  not sure what there luck was. 

My room was perfect! The only con that I can say is the A/C is a cool fan wasn't really cold in the room but was cold enough to make me cover up  w the blankets I guess some people just want it freezing in there. Lol 

I Also love that the tram connects to a few diffrent hotels.. like Bellagio. I saw a few reviewers saying  how they recommend  Bellagio  well I wouldn't  I felt like I was in Disneyland in there so many people u can bearly walk!! 

Anyways I would  100% stay there  again is super easy to walk throught the casino and to your room.Beautiful place, restaurants look great but stayed away because of the price.  

The pool area didn't have waitresses covering the bar area, so I had to chase someone down. My husband was pleased. She was a beauty -they apparently don't hire ugly women.

The bakery charged almost $10for a breakfast sandwich, then burned it.

The rooms are hi-tech, large, and comfortable.
Mini-bar charges you for items removed from the fridge for over a minute. So choose quickly.

Automatic check worked, but the kiosk was down, so we had to complete our checking with a real person.  No line,so it went quickly.The ground floor of the Aria is absolutely stunning. The bars and cafes are so clean and beautifully decorated. The casino itself is very comfortable and clean. The ambiance of this place is just amazing, we loved strolling through and grabbing a drink here. We even considered this as a potential place to stay for our next visit just because of how wonderful the atmosphere is!I love Aria  in Las Vegas. These have some of the most comfortable beds. Great new restaurants and good rates.This review is for the room. Room was a bit small. Had 2 smaller sofa. Newer decors. Clean. Overall a good room and hotel. Casino floor layout is clean and look sharp. Only thing I didn't like about Aria is the location of the hotel. Is a bit tucked in off the strip. Definitely a bit of walk to get to the strip. Overall a good hotel. 

$35 daily resort fee. Dislike!First of all I used a Comp from MyVEGAS for a Corner Suite. Upon arriving at 10:30am on April 12, informed my room wasn't ready. I decided to leave my bags with bell and go out on the strip to get an early lunch. Around 1:00 Aria called and let me know my room was ready, I headed back. Once I got my room keys for the tower Suite and was informed there are drinks included in the tower lobby I made my way up to room 51-109. After getting settled in I called Bell for my bags. 

When Michael arrived he handed me a bag of ice and ask where I wanted my stuff. I told him I can grab them and I'll get you your tip. After finding out I didn't have any change I told Michael and he said I'll run down and get you change. I ended up giving him a $50 and 2 minutes later he came up with change. I handed Michael a $20 and his reaction was Thank You so very much if u need anything my name is Mike. I'm guessing Michael doesn't get tips often. This was one of the best bell services I received at any hotel I stayed at in the past. Anyway back to the room. The room has 2 bathrooms. One haft bath and one full bath. 2 sinks in the full bath including a butt cleaner on the toilet. All the rooms at Aria is high class as to everything is run on a Tablet. Will I stay here? Yes.Loved our experience at Aria. We lucked out and got a great deal for this hotel through a third party website. I was worried when we checked in that they were going to say we had no reservation but thank goodness it worked out. We checked in later in the evening but still scored a room with the Strip view. The rooms are amazing! Love that when you open the door the drapes open up to your view of the lights on the strip. Everything is modern. The beds are super comfy.  Our room had both and shower and bathtub which was great! The hotel is so clean and the staff very friendly. Their looks are all heated. They give you plenty of towels when you get to the pool area too. Also helps that there's a Starbucks on the way to the pool. Yes! The hotel has lots of stores and eateries to explore if you don't feel like walking the strip. Parking is paid hourly on the strip now. We opted to Valet since we were staying here. The valet price is $18 per 24 HR period. Which is a better deal than paying hourly. As soon as you give them your ticket your car is out in a few minutes. Can't beat that. I'd definitely come back here again!The resort was beautiful. The rooms were clean and comfortable! Was a nice get away!!  All of the restaurants we tried were good, we got some great tapas!! Will be back.A friend and I visited the Aria from 4/27/17-4/30/17. I am usually not a fan of Vegas, I came because my friend wanted to visit and I thought.. why not? So, off we trekked from Colorado and we set out to enjoy ourselves kid free. Moms vacation! Anyway, I LOVED the room we stayed in. We opted out of an upgrade for the strip view and I'm glad I brought my sound machine. You really can't drown out motorcycles. Other than that, the room was awesome. I loved the high tech controls (I'm not sure if all hotels come with that now?) and I loved the design. Our favorite thing about this hotel was the lift bar. They had live music and a great place to sit for people watching. Our last night there, we had a phenomenal bartender (he was from New York, Fred?) but the service on the floor was awful. The waitress wouldn't even make eye contact with us. Too bad, there are probably some great tips that she's missing out on out there.  The breakfast buffet was pretty good. They could have more selection but you definitely can't beat bottomless mimosas (extra, of course). I was disappointed with Expedia. We booked a package and it stated that we had breakfast buffet included with every day we were there.. but then when we checked in, we were informed that it was only a $100 credit. So basically, two and half meals? Not the hotels fault, but we weren't expecting that extra cost. The pools looked nice but we were unable to enjoy them like we had hoped. The spa was AMAZING! I had a relaxing message and a red carpet facial. SO worth the splurge. Our check in process was flawless and when we were printing our boarding passes the night before, we had a great helper at the front. I wish I could remember his name. He was funny and helpful. We took and uber to and from the hotel with absolutely no issues and the staff all seemed great (except the waitstaff, they just seemed like they didn't want to be there and weren't super friendly. This included the waitstaff in the restaurants.) I would visit the Aria again and I would still recommend it to my friends and family.We had a great time staying at Aria...once we got to our lovely Sky Suite.  We arrived at the airport, went to the appropriate spot to meet the driver of our complimentary limo to the hotel...who wasn't there.  After waiting twenty minutes, we called the concierge, and eventually were told we should just take a Lyft as the driver wasn't coming...this after waiting around for 45 minutes.  We were offered a $150 credit, though, which cheered us up!

After our Lyft ride to the hotel, we we waited in line to check in...and waited and waited and waited.  Not a good start to our vacation, especially after the airport fiasco!  Finally more front desk staff arrived, the check-in person confirmed several credits we were expecting and everything was all set.

The room was wonderful -- pretty, comfortable and spacious.  Everyone we dealt with from that point on was so pleasant and friendly: housekeepers, room service personnel and doormen were all spectacular in terms of their service.  The food from room service was consistently  delicious and arrived promptly.

We took advantage of the late (4:00 pm) check out, but members of the housekeeping staff stopped by five times between 11:00 am and when we left...even though we had told the front desk and had told housekeeping about the late check out.  A little annoying, but they were so pleasant that it was acceptable.

This time we confirmed ahead of time the complimentary limo ride to the airport -- which the concierge had apparently never heard of.  We did finally get our ride and said goodbye to Vegas...and then when we got home and received our online statement, none of our three credits had been included.  My husband spent 40 minutes on the phone with someone from the hotel, who did fix it all...but it was frustrating.

I would have given the hotel a five star rating, but their front desk and concierge desk are completely sub-par in terms of capabilities and service (though they are pleasant!) and the transportation issues we had were ridiculous.The Aria is a relatively new Las Vegas hotel. It's part of the MGM grand chain of hotels. This is a very large hotel which is connected to a convention center where we had our conference. The hotel boasts many good restaurants (one of which I've already reviewed, the BARDOT, which lives up to its hype), and has a modern chic feel to it. The rooms are nice and large with plenty of space. I got a room with a fabulous view of the strip. The service is prompt and polite and they have a nice tablet feature in the room which controls everything. The electronically moveable curtains were a nice touch. One touch of the button and you can see the entire strip and the mountains. Beautiful. 

The room prices are also very reasonable. The food and mini-bar is an entirely different matter though :).Tommy in room service is the reason I order food from here when staying! He is exceptional in customer services and the food is not only delicious ( thank you chefs) but the service is on pointe and on time . Tommy knows what to bring and beyond . Thank you aria staff in room serviceVisited back in April when the Scotsman was here.  Aria is gorgeous, the lobby is impressively decorated and the Casino is clean and neat.  While we didn't stay in the hotel itself we did gamble and eat here. 

I didn't find it too far different from many of the other casinos in Vegas, but I thought that the decor was quite beautiful.Had a great time and want to thank Jan Lactaoen.  Very nice and professional. I actually thought did truly care if I had a great time at AriaCame back here for a convention and hag a great time.  The staff is super cool and the rooms have the most modern amenities anywhere in the strip.We came in while the valet and bellhop took care of our car and luggage. Before getting here, I highly recommend using the mobile check in, otherwise you'll be waiting on line for quite a while. The hotel staff couldn't be friendlier. The concierge was very helpful in directing us to restaurants and even booked our tickets to see Cirque du Soleil. The front desk gave us a free 2 hour late check out when my mom was under the weather. The casino, bars, and restaurants are all contained in the campus so you don't ever really need to leave. The place has a young and modern vibe to it with its bars and night clubs. Great experience all around.I've stayed all over the strip but usually try to stay at a M life property. This was my first time at Aria it will not be my last. I was in town for a UFC event so the location was great. Check in was easy, in fact my friend arrived on a earlier flight than me but the room was in my name. They contacted me while I was in flight and they were able to get him into the room any way. That was very nice of the front desk. The room was great with super comfy beds and the tablet operating system was flawless. The massive walk in shower was perfect and he rest of the double sink bathroom was fine. I am on Vegas 3 times a year normally, twice with friends and once with my mother for thanksgiving.  Aria is defiantly now in the rotation.Do I have to leave? Our stay was wonderful. Lines were long at check-in. So don't forget mobile check in. We had a suite and was able to surpass the long lines.One of the best, if not the best hotel in Las Vegas. I've been coming here for years and I've never been disappointed. The stores are great and so are the restaurants. The casino host Tom always provides my family and I with the best stay possible. Everything is 10/10. Definitely recommend staying here!After trying a few different properties on the Strip, we keep coming back to Aria and it's now our go-to spot when we stay in Vegas. We came right after we got engaged and we appreciated the chocolates in our room. The rooms and bathrooms are spacious, the décor is modern (skews a little Asian, which I like), I love the automated curtains. The bathroom doesn't give much privacy (frosted glass you can see through for the toilet), so maybe not ideal for a mixed group, but fine for a couple.

Location is good, with easy tram access to the Bellagio. We always valet and have never had a problem with that - though I guess the hotels are starting to charge for that when it used to be free? That really sucks, especially since the rooms can get pricey on the weekends, but my understanding is that Aria is not unique in that change. We like the mobile check-in and check-out to avoid the wait. The only hassle we've ever had at check-in after coming multiple times is that one time they forgot to release a hold on my bf's credit card so that it got declined the next day.

We've only eaten at a couple of the restaurants, but we really like Javier's and Julian Serrano. Also appreciate having a Pressed Juicery on property. I think Aria is smaller than many other casinos, and even though there are fewer shops, I really appreciate that it doesn't get crazy and crowded and you can't get lost. It's less of a scene, which we like since we don't go to Vegas to party. The pool is a little small and not deep (so the water really warms up on a hot day, not very refreshing), but good enough for what it is, with plenty of poolside seating.Aria has always been our place to stay in Vegas! Hands down one of the best and cleanest hotels. From the food to the pool and shopping it's a class act. I gave it 4 stars only due to the smell of the hotel casino floor of smoke, I don't know how you would stop that in Vegas but in the beginning this one the only place which had the best smell on the casino floor as you played.The reason why we are only giving 4 stars is because there was no special treatment for my birthday. We were told we would be given a call as soon as an upgraded room made itself available, yet that never happened. Most other hotels would even send up a card for their guests birthday, but not here. 
The room itself was great, the bath could have been a little bigger, the bathroom faucet handle leaked over the vanity and soiled all of my items. The bed was very inconsistent and well worn. 
Other than this, we had a fantastic stay. All the service people were phenomenal.Service was not the best but it wasn't the worst either (I've worked in retail and understand that it is super hard to deal with customers but some staff were not very friendly at all and I felt like they hated their jobs). The rooms were actually kind of small compared to other luxury resorts on the strip. We had the standard king room and actually had to switch twice because of a dirty room (boo!). I'm not a complainer but I'll just say that we got unlucky (that's all).

Although we encountered a few rude/un-friendly staff members, I would like to make a shoutout to Kathleen at the Front Desk when we checked in. She was absolutely amazing and patient with all of my questions. Kudos!

I would come and stay here for the Aria Spa. The Spa is fantastic and the staff there are amazing!

All in all, I had a decent time and would come back to the Aria if I find a good deal in the future.Very nice and accommodating! Great beds, atmosphere, and customer service. Will definitely come here again. I love how up-to-date and high-tech this place is.  My favorite hotel in Vegas.The driver, Ricardo, picked us up at the baggage claim and got our luggage for us. He was very talkative and friendly! The drive was smooth in one of the Aria Escalades and he had tons of knowledge about the area, as it has been a while since my husband had been here while not on work, and my first time ever! He took the time to walk us inside and show us around and to the check in desk. 
Once at check in, ashley checked us in and she was very personable. She chatted with us about where we were from and she was very nice and smiley. She explained everything and then walked us to the elevator. 
After we went down stairs we sat at a bar and played a few games right there at the bar. Everything is super clean and pristine. There was a comment saying the casino was not air filtered great and it smelled like smoke. That is not true. I HATE the smell of cigarettes and unless I saw someone smoking, I really didn't think much about them because it really doesn't smell at all. 
Before every elevator up to the rooms there are security people making sure that whomever goes up, belongs. That made me feel secure in knowing there weren't random people trying to go up. 
Our room is beautiful, specious, clean and comfortable. The cleaning service came twice a day, and both tv's worked. 
I saw a few comments on the hotel not providing basic amenities, but it does. Maybe they just didn't look hard enough? On the dresser, there is a paper explaining that if certain items are forgotten, they will provide it free of charge. I really thought that since we were in Vegas and people party late, that I would hear a lot of noise while in my room. Nothing. Silence. Amazing. 
Javier's and the buffet are amazing, I highly recommend  them. 
One of the days we rented a cabana by the pool. We are staying in the sky suits, which means there is a pool you can only enter if staying in there. The cabana was big enough to comfortably hold mine and my husbands 6 friends (8 of us all together), it was clean and comfortable. Zackary was our waiter and he was pretty damn amazing. He was prompt, kind, knowledgeable and didn't bat an eyelash at any of our shenanigans. They also had people from the spa walking around giving poolside messages! It was amazing that I never had to leave the pool to get a spa treatment. 
I literally had no reason to leave the hotel. No joke. 
On our last night we had a nice dinner at Jean Georges and it was seriously amazing. I ate entirely too much food because I had no self control. 
Check out was a breeze and our ride to the airport was patiently waiting for us. The driver was a women, and I didn't catch her name, but she got us to the airport and was friendly. 
All in all i would definitely stay here again. Room 34031 for the win!I really like it here. The casino is clean and the slot machines are newer.
There is plenty of shopping here. On the higher end. $$$
I stayed here when it first opened years ago and had no complaints.
Now, I go to play and dine and I have to recommend Lemongrass for Thai (BEST red curry I have ever had and I adored my waiter!) and Javier's for Mexican (Crab enchiladas!). Next time I go, I want to try Blossom, which is Asian next to Lemongrass.
Nothing feels dingy at Aria, you cannot go wrong here. Unless of course, if you come in broke and dressed like a slob-kabob. LOL! 
Aria has an air of luxury and class to it with fancy lounges and bakeries. Well decorated. Fancy without being pretentious.
I did play for a couple of hours on the floor with not an offer of a drink but, it does happen, unfortunately.
Really good location, right in the middle of the action on the Strip and across the road bridge from Planet Hollywood.Love love love the buffet at Arial.  For 28 bucks it's a sure win.   Shrimp, crab, pasta, steak.  It is all yummy. Make this a stop on your trip.I love the Aria. Definitely one of my favorite hotels and casino on the entire strip. You wouldn't believe how clean it always is. For the amount of people who pass through this hotel every minute it's unreal how clean it is.

The Aria has several places to eat and shop including one of my favorite restaurants called, "Javier's". Very unique and modern decorations. "Out Dated" is not a term anyone should EVER say about this hotel and casino. 

The location of the hotel is perfect. Located in the City Center right in the middle of the strip. 

Great hotel and casino!A nice hotel with a lot of high tech amenities.  Cool but I like a clean basic room.  The floor to ceiling windows are really nice.  It makes an already large room a lot larger.  Bathroom is spacious.  The tub is in the shower which I thought was a little strange.

Check in was quick and efficient even though they had a line.  My room was not ready yet but I got my card keys so I could check out the pool and use some of the other amenities.   I got a text message when my room was ready which I thought was pretty cool.  Bell staff is really friendly and very efficient.  After calling down for my bag, it was delivered to my room within 10 minutes.After lots of looking at all the options for hotels for our trip to Vegas, we decided to book at the Aria Hotel & Casino based on the higher average reviews. As far as I understand, Aria is one of the newer hotels and has a great location on the Vegas Strip. We were within walking distance to most of the major attractions and points of interest. For those unaware, Aria sits slightly back off the strip between The Cosmopolitan and Monte Carlo and is across the street from Planet Hollywood. 

Due to our delayed flight, we were very late checking in (like midnight or later). The check-in was quick and easy and all the staff were friendly. When we walked into the room, I was surprised as to how nice it actually was (not that I expected it to be bad). I wondered if we hadn't been upgraded since our room was larger than expected and had a large glassed in shower and soaking tub. 

The hotel has tons of restaurants, shops and bars to choose from. The casino was huge and had all the games you would expect to see. 

The decor is very artistic with a blend of many different styles but doesn't have a 'theme' as most of the other hotels. It just has a museum of modern art feel to it. Our room also was one of the most technologically advanced rooms I have ever seen. Everything from the lights, TV, air conditioning, and even the curtains are all controlled remotely from an iPad like device. The hotel also seems really well built because I didn't hear a single noise from any of the surrounding neighbors. Also, the bed was probably the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on in a hotel room. 

My only complaint really is about the resort fees. They are mentioned only in the fine print and are a great way to screw guests out of an extra $35 a day. Unfortunately, fees like this are becoming so common and lots of places are doing it.Great hotel on strip with great restaurants! Good slots! I won decent money Staff is friendly and night club was great.Very clean and inviting. Stayed on the 20th floor with the deluxe queen sized beds.

During check in it was a bit of a hassle. There were reservations for 2 deluxe queen sized beds but upon check in, front desk informed me that they were all sold out of those rooms and that I would get a single deluxe bed with a rollout bed? Tf?! What's the point of making a reservation when all the rooms are occupied? That's the reason why I've deducted a star. 

But somehow the concierge was working on something and 10 minutes later a room opened up. I was like okaayyyyy, all of a sudden. I mean this hotel prolly has hundreds maybe even thousands of rooms and you almost didn't have the room I reserved available?

Anyway other than that the rooms were great! As you walk in the curtains automatically open showing you the great view outside the Aria. Nice touch! Mos def a snap chat moment! LOL

There were double closets, 4 robes, and 4 slippers! The only thing was there wasn't much lighting in front of the main mirror.
Beds were comfortable. Bathroom was nice and clean. Now the lighting in the bathroom is on point! Perfect for Selfies! There was a shower, tub, separate toilet, and two sinks. There's a mini bar that charges and snacks if you're too lazy to go down to the shops. Overall room was great!

Room service was awesome and sweet. They really add a nice touch because when I had all my make up stuff scattered everywhere, they organized it for me and placed a paper may underneath it. I gave them a nice tip! We even got complimentary chocolates.

This resort has many dif restaurants to try from and they just opened a new nightclub Jewel. 

I came for The Gatheting for Paul Mitchell. Their convention center is HUGE!

They also have a yummy gelato place you must try!

Overall my stay here was fantastic! Didn't have to leave the resort. Almost everything you need is there!I was a little worried about how my stay at Aria would turn our after seeing so many bad reviews here.  Fortunately my husband and I had a wonderful stay and found a new hotel to add to our favorites.

We stayed for a short weekend trip during the July 4th holiday.  The main reasons I chose Aria were because the rooms looked spacious, it had a casino and they had decent pools.  Also, the location was preferable because we wanted to be close enough to the strip that we still could walk to our shows at Bellagio and MGM.  We wanted to stay somewhere a bit quieter than other hotels because we were looking more for a relaxing weekend vs a party / raging trip.  Aria did not disappoint.  It was lively enough that it wasn't boring but was not crowded at all and bit more secluded from that young, party scene.

The check in process was a breeze.  We arrived around 9 AM but did the mobile pre-check in the night before.  I had requested an 11:15 AM check in time and just as promised, I received an email shortly after 11 that our room was ready.  We conveniently passed the long check in line and picked up our keys from the kiosk in a matter of minutes.  I loved that the elevators were split into 3 sections by floor number.  There was never a wait for an elevator and you breezed up to your room pretty quickly because you skip a bunch of floors.  Our room was on the 10th floor and while it had a back view of the hotel (not facing the strip) it was still nice and open enough that we could still have decent scenery.

The room itself was more than enough space for the two of us.  I saw other people's pics of things broken or dirty but found none of that in our room.  The room was not overly modern  yet not at all outdated and I loved being able to control the shades, lighting, AC and TV with the in room tablet.  The bed and pillows on our King bed were super comfy to the point we actually thought about buying a couple of the pillows for home!

The only reason I took one star off was because they charged us $16 for the minibar, which I'm still disputing.  The minibar must be extremely sensitive because all we did was open it and that seems to have set off the sensor.

All in all Aria turned out better than expected and we will definitely be back.Aria is my favorite hotel and casino in Las Vegas! The Mobil check in line is great and we never have a long wait, the room is always clean and beds are soooo comfortable! And Beautiful luxurious bathrooms. Staff makes sure to check your key card before you're able to get in an elevator which is great for security! Even if you don't get a strip view the views are always beautiful in every room I've stayed in. There are two valet areas and the wait is never too long for either, great options for eating. Casino is never too crowded and wild. I've never had a bad experience at Aria! I will probably stay here every time I visit Vegas, it's modern and beautiful and the crystal shops are fun to visit. With MyVegas and/or Mlife Aria promotions are always offered so every time I've stayed Aria has given me an awesome credit to spend on anything in the hotel or discounted room upgrades which is awesome! If you're thinking of visiting Vegas and not sure which hotel to stay at, choose Aria! You won't be disappointed.It's amazing hotel which has a  good view, especially at night. Comparing with other hotels in Las Vegas, ARIA looks like more modern and new. I like the design of building and the fountain outside the entrance. When I first time get into the hotel lobby, I was totally attracted by the wonderful adornments. Also the room is big and bright. Overall it is a good option when you spend your time in Las Vegas.The Aria Hotel and Casino is the greatest hotel I've stayed at in Las Vegas! Due to the fact that the hotel is relatively new compared to other hotels, my stay was very enjoyable! The rooms were clean, and my favorite part was the tablet that controlled almost everything in the room! Even the curtainssss! The casino was clean and gave off very positive vibes! We ate at the Jean Georges restaurant in the hotel, and the tomahawk steak was absolutely delicious!! It was nice to be able to eat in a quite location before starting out our night! The hotel had the best of everything! From the casino, to the club, to the restaurant, we did not feel the need to leave the hotel! I will be staying at this hotel again!I would have to say that Aria is pretty cool. 

I like the architecture and modern feel. Everyone there was cool, helpful and professional but the only reason I had to give it four stars instead of five is because the bellman in the front blew it for everyone. 

I got dropped off by a cab and none of them even opened my door let alone helped me with my luggage. Even as I was walking up they continued their conversation as if I was not even there. And because I was wearing cute shoes all day my feet were killing me and I really could have used a hand. 

It really stinks they represented the hotel that way because honestly everything else was perfect. The girl that checked me in was super sweet. 

The room was awesome. I had a strip view that I enjoyed when I used my remote to open the curtains also had a nice king bed. The room was nicely appointed with a great bathroom and nice smelling citrus toiletries. 

The room also had a universal remote and in my case I was in town for business so every little thing to make your life easier is awesome. 

The next morning I ordered room service from my bedside iPad. Very cool and everything was just as I asked for down to the hazelnut creamer. 

I would definitely come back.I stayed here a few weeks ago with some friends. I'm giving this place 4 stars for what it is...a nice/upscale hotel and casino. But for the price, i wish it had more...

The rooms were fairly spacious and came with a nice sized bathroom. The entire room is controlled by a tablet (open/close the curtains, control the room temperature, turn the lights on/off, etc). 

It was disappointing that we couldn't use the fridge to store our leftover food/keep our drinks cold (unless you want to pay). There also isn't a coffee machine in the room (I get it, they want you to spend money at the Starbucks/elsewhere). But for the price of our reservation I wouldn't say it's all THAT. But then again...you are right on the strip and are within walking distance to everything. 

The pools were GORGEOUS! Wow...I had a relaxing time taking a swim and sunbathing. The area is clean and the staff were very friendly. Towel service is provided. I had a mojito which was super refreshing yet strong...perfect for the summer! Drinks are marked up, so be ready to pay. 

This was my first time in Vegas, so I'm not sure if I would necessarily come back here. I'd like to try out some of the other hotels/casinos.I love everything about city center! I've stayed in both aria and vdara and both hotels are amazing!
Everything is definitely up to date and I like how there is a connecting bridge to the cosmo and planet Hollywood. Every easy to get around.
The only complaint I do have is upon checkin we requested to get a two bed bedroom instead of a one bed. The lady at the front desk said it would be 30$ extra a night, which was fine. We get our keys and when we walk in there was only 1 king sized bed. We called the front desk and they quickly switched our rooms. They even sent someone up to the room to give us our new keys. *definite plus*
Aria is apart of M life so if you have a card use it for the parking. I think I saw somewhere that they comp your parking or something...not too sure though. But it's only 10$ per night and you're allowed to go in and out.I got two nights for free thanks to Myvegas and I was blown away . I was given a strip view upgrade when at check-in I told the trouble I had with my flight here . I first walk in to see a big comfy bed and electronics for almost everything.  Then I see this huge bathtub in vegas I've never seen in a hotel room . Everyone was so friendly during my stay.  Most I would expect from 5 star hotel but the hotel staff go beyond expectations.My favorite hotel on the strip! Always clean and the options for dining and drinks are amazing! It's very expensive, but joining the rewards online helped me save some money on my stay! Love the Aria and would come back/recommend.Love this place, very upscale. Great staff, Very classy. Its a must if you coming to vegas. We had a Convention here. they took great care of us. Lots of gaming in the casino. table and slots. They also have a lot of food to choose from. What ever fun you want to have you can have it hear. Ladies the shopping is outstanding. Bring your walletMy favorite place to stay in Vegas. Beautiful & Spacious rooms! The bathroom is so big and the jacuzzi tub is inside the giant shower! Curtains, light and tv controlled by a universal remote. His and her closets to hang all of your clothes. 
The casino floor is very nice and spacious. Lots of machines and tables to choose from.
We had the pizza at one of the pizza counters in the lobby and it was really good. They have unique flavors and combos. 
We will def stay here again! 
This place set the standard for the rest of the Vegas hotels we choose to stay at in the future!
The buffet and room service are worth every penny!This is only for the casino since I have not stayed or been in their rooms. 
The casino floor is not bad. They do a pretty good job at keeping the smoke pulled out and fragrance pumped in. My husband has never won here, no matter what games he is playing which is why I dinged it a star.Love this hotel - it was busy for CES, but service was still so on point. Turn down service was great. Our room had a fabulous view of the mountains and city. The gym is one of the best hotel gyms I've been to ever.Very good hotel, but nice as 5 star Wynn. Got a room on 53rd floor. Great views. Room not as big as Wynn. Great restaurants. Nice pool. Friendly employees. Check in line was long. Wish TV was bigger.Great clean place.   Although the details of this place is getting worn I likes this place because it's clean, not smelly at all, great amenities and centrally located.  I didn't have issues with service but doesn't mean that there couldn't be issues with service request.  I liked the fact this place is not a maze like some places and close to shipping if you have family. 

Con
$17 for glass of really bad white. WHAT!!!  Charles Shah is like Opus compared to this junk!!!I really like this hotel. Everything in the room is spotless. A tablet controls everything remotely from the blinds to the temperature to the do not disturb privacy light outside the door.

The location is great and the choice of restaurants are real nice as well.

One thing that bothered me, though I did not let it affect my rating, is that the bathroom faucet is sooooo close to the back of the sink. Water splashed all over its ridiculous. I wonder about the engineer who approved this as style over practicality. It is not only this hotel either. I don't understand what they are thinking about when approving these type items during the building cycle. 

That is a met observation and nuisance, less than a complaint.I am back to my first love Aria hotel! It's more gorgeous than ever! The suite is exquisite and everything about this hotel is perfection. It seems like Aria got discovered and I found that more people are here now and it's definitely busier which is awesome! I do miss their signature vanilla scent in the lobby which they removed due to some guests not liking it! I don't think I can stay anywhere else after the amazing special treatment I get here.. Alex at the front desk was so sweet and made the check in smooth and fast. I'm in love with Aria and will definitely stay here next time(s)..I've been stayed at Aria 4 times now and I always love staying there. It's clean and modern, i think it worth the price (if you book early) . Also I love the buffet they have, it's little expensive during weekend but they have snow crap(?) and it's so good :) their room service food is delicious too! BUT NEVER TRY THEIR RAMEN it just salt salt salt soooooooo salty i feel like i'm still thirsty from that ramen.We had a very nice stay at the Aria recently.  Rooms were clean and staff were very attentive.  Drinks at the lobby bar area is recommended.
My girlfriend accidentally left her designer sunglasses in the casino restroom and we flew back home.  Much to our pleasant surprise they were turned in to the lost and found department.  The security office was very helpful and she arranged to have it shipped back to us.  
We will be backMy wife and i stayed here for 3 nights on our vacation and loved it. All of the hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. The food was amazing. We were given a free box of chocolates from jean-pierre's upon arrival since we celebrating our anniversary. Just wished i had better luck at the tables but it's Vegas. Hotels like the Aria aren't built because they are losing money. My only complaint is the in room tablet. It would always restart when i was in the middle of ordering room service.My favorite hotel in Vegas. Outstanding front desk, easy check-in via the app, and top class amenities. Will return every year, without question!So it all starts when we have to check in and rooms are not available at this time. So I leave them my phone number to text me when the rooms available. My colleague did the same. After about 2 to 3 hours I got a text that my colleague never did. We went to the concierge who double checked that the room was actually available then, when I tried to get in my room my keys did not work. I had to wait for security to bring me a new set of keys. Once in the room, I was quite pleased with the room and it's Decor. To be honest, I don't think the rooms are worth the price they are charging. All the bars and restaurants are overpriced. No reason to price gouge. The service was good but I had to give it four stars due to the issues I hadAria Las Vegas Tower Suites
- worth every penny
First let me acknowledge Taylor - manager at Tower Suites- she is the absolute best.

Stayed in the Tower Suites - 54th floor, center suite. 
Pros-
Room is gorgeous. Spacious, modern, luxury amenities abound.
Bathroom is insane! Full size walk in closet with safe, jacuzzi with over 50 jets at different levels in the tub, sits in the center of the room, wall mounted tv for viewing while soaking, private 2 person shower with frosted glass doors, private toilet and bidet area with frosted glass doors. Toilet seats heat and light up.
Bathroom fully stocked with everything from toothbrushes, tooth paste, mouthwash, soaps, shampoos, hair products, robes, slippers, hair dryers (plural). Lighting, space, upgrades and amenities are amazing!

Bedroom- king size bed that is beyond comfortable. Floor to ceiling Windows with expansive mountain views (note that across the hall the views were of the strip- we preferred the mountains simply as a matter of preference- friends stayed in strip view room across the hall and it was also amazing). Wall mounted 55 in flat screen. One touch blind openings, iPad in the room that controls everything from blinds to tv to room service to check out. It was amazing.

Living room area- comfortable couch, chairs and tables for relaxing. Another wall mounted flat screen. Another iPad for room controls.

Dining area - nice table and chairs to sit and eat or talk or re group.

Fully stocked mini bar with normal size items which was awesome.
Additionally- fully stocked top shelf liquor area on top of counter area.
Nice sized fridge and ice maker in the room in addition to the mini bag fridge.
Second bathroom - just as nice as the one in master bedroom area.
Check in takes place in a private "Tower Suites" room separate and apart from regular check in. That area is accessible during your stay, requires key card access, and is also fully stocked with complimentary drinks (Coke, Diet Coke, Sprite, various juices, bottled waters, coffee) and snacks thought the day.
Customer service is stellar.
If you are looking for outstanding customer service, stellar accommodations and first class luxury,  You will not be disappointed!great customer service, called guest service and candice was amazing!!!!! cant wait for aria experince :)I have stayed in many casinos in Las Vegas and Aria is my current favorite destination. I love how it is is quieter than other casinos on the strip and is tucked away near Cosmopolitan, Vdara and The Mandarin.  The rooms are quite nice, be sure to be prepared to walk down long corridors, perhaps ask for a room closer to the escalator if you cannot walk very far.

The restaurants are superb. I love the Javier's for Mexican cuisine and Blossom for delicate and exquisite Chinese food. Aria Cafe is just "ok", in a pinch and for a quick meal it is fine. 

They have a sports bar which is not very large but comfortable and great screens.Simply! The best experience ever!  Everything first class! Great staff, love the room and suites.  The sky suites on the 58 floor is WOW!  If you want the best in Vegas.  Aria!!!O.M.G. The best of the best. I can't tell you about how classy this resort is. Doorbell, 1/2 bath in entry for guest. A master bath bigger than most rooms. A good night switch that turns of everything and closes all blinds for a blackout. Double pane windows to block noise. O.K. get this! Toilet is self cleaning? No need for paper? Warm water washes you and blow drys. I had to try it. I'm was addicted to it. The richness of the room had paintings and artsy stuff all over. Ice maker in the fridge. Surround sound  and electronics you can stay in the room and enjoy just chilling.Aria has been on my hotel bucket list for quite some time. I was able to score 2 free nights at this wonderful beauty and my experience here has been spectacular.

We were able to get a King deluxe room with a nice Strip view. The room was immaculate. Everything (from the TV, lights, temperature, etc) is all controlled from a tablet in the room. Pretty fancy, eh? What's even hilarious is there is a "Romance" option on the tablet, where it dims the lights, closes the blinds, and some smooth Jazz music will automatically play from the TV. LOL.

The bathroom is pretty spacious. Glass door shower with a soaking tub inside. The toilet has its own separate room from the sink/vanity area. So you're able to get your privacy that way. I'm really liking it.

The concierge is friendly too. Check-out is easy as you can do it from your phone. Parking overnight though is $10. You can use your hotel room card to swipe for parking if you visit other casinos under the MGM Resorts management.

I would definitely come here again. A great place for relaxation and good sleep when you're in Vegas!Aria is now one of my favorite places to stay on the strip. Centrally located and large beautiful rooms. I love the I pads next to the bed. I could control the lights, drapes, get hotel updates and everything. The pool closed a little early for me. They also have the capability of Apple Pay however when I used this function the attendant that was checking me in quickly notified me that they aren't supposed to use it.I came after 2 days after Thanksgiving to celebrate my birthday. Originally I booked a regular room and received an email for $70 upgrade on a corner suite which I couldn't pass up. We parked our car in self parking free with pearl card and walk to Mobil check-in but got directed to the private lounge for check-in with lots of free drinks and snacks. My husband was very impressed because we didn't have to wait in the regular check-in line. The lady who helped us was very nice and friendly and got us a corner suite with view of planet Hollywood. The room was luxurious because it had a separate bedroom and 11/2 bathroom. The bathroom had a toto toilet with controls to clean your derrière, jet tub w/tv, shower, and 2 sinks.  The tv's has lots of channels and include Chinese cable tvb. The room comes with turn down service nightly which is nice. The lady who helped us surprised me a plate chocolate covered strawberries. Wow this is service. I had $100 dining credit and ate at Carbone and the food was delicious. Overall, I enjoyed my stay at Aria except crazy traffic leaving self parking at night. We were leaving self parking and got stuck in the long line of cars trying getting out of Aria due to over flow traffic of people trying to go to Park Vegas or new TMobile Arena. I went several times to private lounge with my room key to get more water, soda bottles, mandarin oranges. That is a great plus.What a great place to stay. The air is clean. The customer service was great from the valet to the room service and even the table games. I'v been back 4 times and it only seems to get better each time. If you can pay the extra for the SKY Suites - DO IT! The rooms are awesome.Clean, fun, great addition to the strip!  Perfect combo of everything you need and want in Vegas!  Make a trip to Herringbone a priority while here.I had a little bit of problem checking in. I came for a company event. my name was spelled wrong  and issues with the hold. But.... Laura was do patient with me. She was dweet and helped ua out. Please tell Laura, that without you.  I wouldnt have had a great night. Thank you for assisting us.  You were a blessing to us. Great Customer Service.After my last stay at the Aria hotel, I felt compelled to write a positive review on the Aria Hotel & Casino because of the incredible security staff alone--keep reading to find out why....  

This had been my second time staying at the Aria, both times for work. 

My first impression, during my first stay, was that the property was very clean, the rooms were spacious, I especially loved the shower/tub combo in the rooms, and the in room technology. 

During the second stay this past July, exactly one year later, I felt as though the property could have used a little TLC. Not quite as clean, just overall needed some updating, renovation etc. The one thing that really stands out in my mind as being unacceptable is the constant sewer, fishy odor that is overwhelming as you walk past the buffet on the promenade, or as you take the escalator up from the casino level to the promenade... The smell is truly disgusting, and I can't imagine why the staff hasn't addressed it. 

Ok, so now onto why exactly I felt compelled to write this review. Having been there for work, I had little down time to gamble, and I do love to gamble!  After redeeming a slot winnings voucher at the ticket redemption ATM, I quickly turned my back for a second after the machine dispensed my cash--realizing seconds later that someone had walked by and stolen the money!  Luckily, a slot host was walking by moments after this happened and I alerted her as to what happened. She quickly called security surveillance who confirmed that two men, behind me, were seen on camera taking the money.... 

From that point, I was passed off to the security team, who had me fill out incident reports, and very matter of factly let me know that the likelihood of recovering my money was not guaranteed, which I had appreciated so I avoided any false hope. 

After about 45 minutes of chatting with security, I returned to my room. 

Nearly 4 hours later at 2:30/3am my room phone rang, it was security...letting me know they had apprehended the two individuals and recovered my money, they asked if they could deliver it to my room...and so they did!  

I really had no expectations of getting the money back, and really had no faith in the security team.... I was wrong!  I am very thankful that they helped me out and were willing to do that for a hotel guest...so thankful in fact that I ended up giving all that money back....Hahahaha!This hotel is very modern. Beautiful rooms with all the bells and whistles. Staff is professional and friendly . The only thing about this hotel I was it seemed a little boring to the rest. If your looking for wild and crazy, then here is not the place . Romantic getaway, wanting to impress or even a family trip then yes this is the place .Only stayed for one night but definitely will have to come back for more at some point. The entire hotel is beautiful and impeccably maintained. Every employee we encountered was extremely courteous and friendly. Would love to stay for at least a few days next time and have a chance to explore more of the massive property!Such an awesome place!!!! I wish I was still there. I want to go back! I miss Vegas and aria because it's nice and baller with it. It is also connected to a bunch of other casino close by. I will be back! This place is home for me!!!!!My husband surprised me by booking the corner suite with the panoramic view and I fell in love. Up until then we'd only stayed in basic rooms since I didn't necessarily see the need in spending a certain amount of money on somewhere you only sleep, well needless to say I see the reason now.
The service was wonderful! Firstly there was a private check I'm area which offered a speedy check in process and offered complementary snacks which is great when you come in from a late night of partying and need a quick bite of something to eat lol.
The room itself was also very nice , not a lot of decor but the views were amazing , the bed was so comfortable and the bathroom was to die for (they even had a heated toilet seat and a bidet!!) There was a seperate living area as well as another bathroom.
The service associated with the room itself was something I loved. The young lady who checked us in voluntarily walked us up your our room (which wasn't very close & I'm sure walking in heels after standing all day to check people in didn't make the walk the most comfortable but she did it anyway) I also called down to room service and was greeted by name when my call was answered (it might be juvenile to some people but I was blown away lol) someone even came up to our room just to make sure everything was up to our standards.
After our stay at the Aria we both agreed we probably won't stay in a basic hotel room again in vegas lol.When we first arrived we where a little lost with the parking, even after getting help from a valet employee we still couldn't find self parking! (Tip: don't use google maps, takes you to valet, parking off the strip on Aria Light).

No lines, fast check in (arrived around 6pm on Friday night 3/10). Room was nice, bathtub and shower- the room is powered by a tablet which is convenient after a long walk on the strip. Plenty of tables and restaurants galore! The dining options are what really set this place apart from some of the other hotels I've stayed in. Didn't get to dine in all but only gives me a reason to comeback.

I can also appreciate all the wonderful art and architecture of the building.BEST food buffet that offers buy one get one free on the my Vegas app. Went to Vegas twice and always habe to eat here for lunch that transitions into dinner. Good variety of seafood, steak, salad and even dim sum items!We stayed here for 5 nights and had a wonderful time. It's our first time in Vegas together and this hotel is perfect for young couples looking for a higher end experience. Be forewarned this place has some price gauging like all hotels on the strip (no coffee in the rooms) but the rooms are beautiful. We didn't upgrade to the strip view and don't think we missed out. Beds at extremely comfortable and the bathrooms have a tub and shower that are luxurious! Hotel has alot of great restaurants but there pricey!!! We didn't eat much in the hotel but the location is perfect for walking the strip which we did everyday! The pools are definitely more hanging out- not swimming laps pools. Everyday we went down to save lounge chairs when we woke up with a towel and magazine and then came back hours later to enjoy sitting in the shade. You don't need to reserve a lounge chair as it costs money and is in the sun. Gym is huge and wonderful! Fresh fruit daily which we happily stocked up on. 

Concierge was so helpful when we had an issue. They helped us book tickets before we arrived which was done incorrectly. They had great recommendations for restaurants. 

Overall wonderful place to stay and highly recommended!I would stay here again in a heart beat! The rooms were spacious enough to make us feel comfortable. Only complaint is the lack of fair pricing. My cousin asked for a roll bed for a friend, no problem , no cost. We called room service asked for the same option $50 extra dollars?! Ok how is that even fair ?? 

Other wise, drinks by the pool were the best drinks I have had in a long time. The bar tenders make them super strong and refreshing.! The new club Jewel played good music and we got to see Jamie Fox live while we were there during Labor Day weekend. The cleaning staff were always nice and approachable when we needed new items.Not only is Aria Casino an AMAZING place, it's all about the customer service. One woman in particular is such an asset to this hotel. Her name is Victoria.  We had a bit of a mix up in our room and Victoria( being 9 months pregnant) went beyond her duties to help us. She treated us like how everybody wants to be treated, with respect. She went out of her way to make us feel SO SPECIAL! It might be her job to do this, but from past experiences from other hotels in Vegas, nobody does it like she did.  She really looked after us like her own. I would totally come back here for her dedication and commitment.  Thanks Victoria!We stayed at the Aria this past weekend and I have to say I was very impressed. When we checked in we had a bit of a mishap but the gentleman at the check-in counter was nice enough to accommodate us and move us from a one bedroom to a two bedroom overlooking the strip. The room was extremely nice and the staff was more than friendly. The distance from the hotel to the strip isn't all that bad but you do have access to a tram that'll take you to a few other hotels so you're not restricted to the same old walk and view. I plan on making this place a usual. Overall it was a good experience.Have stayed here several times. Without a doubt my favorite Casino/Hotel on the Las Vegas strip. The first thing you notice is it doesn't smell like cigarette smoke. They obviously have state of the art ventilation. Awesome selection of bars and restaurants. The rooms are amazing, modern and classy, with awesome bathrooms. Finally, if you like slot machines, I have won money every visit. I expected the machines to be tight but surprisingly they were loose. Aria is pricey, but worth it.Second time at this nice and modern hotel. As soon as you walk in the room the drapes open up. Pretty cool.  Room is comfy and plenty of room. Beds are also comfortable. You can walk to the high end mall Crystals. I like that they have an air conditioned room to sit and wait at while they get your car out of valet. I didn't like that they charge $50 for a roll away bed for my daughter and their pool closed at 8:00pm during summer.BOOK DIRECT THROUGH THE HOTEL

While checking in, there was another couple at the counter who had booked through Expedia and were arguing with the staff over the resort fee and taxes which were not covered by Expedia and were passed on to them upon checkout. Bummer. Book direct to save yourself from surprise fees. We scored an awesome room rate with a free buffet EVERY night. Not too shabby.

All in all, Aria is a clean hotel with a friendly staff. For me, the two best parts of this hotel are the buffet (which is awesome) and the proximity to everything else on the strip.Back for the third time, great experience setting up appointments and upgrading the room, plus a wonderful check in experience. 

Will update this after the next four days.Hotel rooms, staff, casino, restaurants. I give it all 5 stars. Favorite place to stay.My husband and I just returned from a trip to Vegas. We stayed at Aria and had a great time. I liked how the hotel was well connected to surrounding areas. The Monte Carlo and The Bellagio were connected via a tram in the adjacent mall. I also liked that we didn't have to walk through the casino every time we wanted to leave the hotel. The pools weren't very crowded or crazy either. 

If you're looking for a party scene this hotel might not be for you. We were just looking for a place to relax. The hotel has this amazing concierge service that you can reach via text. My husband used it all the time - he booked massage appointments, asked the service to let a restaurant know we were running late, got on guest lists for parties/clubs. It was great and saved us from always being on the phone. You can also check-in ahead of time and check-out via your mobile device too. It was great to see the hotel embracing technology. 

We also used the salon and spa. The salon was great. Everyone was very friendly. They have massage chairs while getting your hair washed. Nice perk! I would stay here again.This is a beautiful hotel. Right in the middle of one of the best parts of the strip in my opinion. We ate at the buffet. Honestly I don't feel like I ever get my moneys worth at buffets in general. This buffet had a good selection of carved meat, and seafood. I would have like to see some chicken tikka masala at the indian section though. I skipped on the pizza as it looked a little dry and sad. Carving station was good, desert was exceptional. And bottomless drinks were great.Great Hotel,Good Location,Lovely room well kept secure and clean and tech-frienly,Love it and highly recommend this hotel.Definitely one of my favorite hotel in Vegas. I have stayed at the Aria several times including when they opened first opening weekend  many years ago. Reason  why I like this hotel is clean, very unique and modern and hi-tech room after staying at older hotels on the strip on past visit. I was very happy to staying at a newer hotel where everything looks sleek and clean modern design. Overall, my experience was totally awesome!Just got back from a 3 night stay this last weekend. Stayed in a Deluxe King room with a view of the mountains, gave a spectacular view of the sunset each night! I had stayed at the Aria once before in a strip view room, in which I was somewhat disappointed. So I decided to spend the money elsewhere this time.
The room was very nice and comfortable (beds and pillows were heavenly). The location of the Aria is good. A little bit of a walk to the strip, but I enjoyed walking through the Crystal shops. 
The weather was warm enough to use the pool one of the days we were there. There are 3 pools, and the Liquid Lounge.One of the pools is for the Sky Suites guest.
Why the 4 stars? The tablet has true potential, but we found ourselves very annoyed it with. One morning, the tablet would not work to open the blackout shades nor turn on the room lights. The room lights wouldn't even turn on when we flipped the switch. So I called the front desk who would send someone to see what the problem was. After my husband played around with a "master" switch near the door, the controls of the room started working again. We didn't touch the tablet after that.
Overall, I enjoyed my stay at the Aria. I would definitely consider coming back.Overall, my stay was really awesome. The only negative was the fact that parking is no longer free and one of the guest elevators had fresh puke in it (handle your liquor, folks). 

My friends and I arrived around noon, but check in was at 330. Fortunately,  we were able to check in early cause there was a room a available (score!!!). Doreen checked me into my room, and she was really awesome. We were on the 12 floor and the view was awesome. We got a good view of the Cosmo, Marquee, and Planet Hollywood. Everything in the room worked perfectly, and my friends and I were blown away by everything in the room. I really liked how all the rooms on my floor were non-smoking. My friends and I agreed that we would stay here again. Check out is at 11 am but I recommend checking out through your phone cause the line was ridiculous.Beautiful modern hotel on the strip! I really enjoyed my stay here. Helpful and very polite hotel staff. We paid $80/night on the weekday (spent a lot more inside the casino). Despite not upgrading to a room with a view of the strip for an additional $25/night, the view of the Nevada sky and Aria pools was still breathtaking.

Big rooms with wide windows, spacious closets, and a touch screen tablet that controls the room, lights, temperature, TV, and calls room service. The bathroom is dope because the shower and the bathtub are connected. Beds come with two super plushy body pillows. Worth the money! Only complaint is that the hallways are long, so we'll probably request a room closer to the elevator for convenience next time. 

It takes a while to walk out of the Aria, but there is a tram that connects to the Bellagio and lots of bridges that connect to other parts of the strip. Food options are slightly limited since the restaurants inside are much nicer ($$-$$$+) and the nearby mall only has designer brands.  There's a lot of nearby fast/cheap food in the Cosmopolitan and Planet Hollywood. Nevertheless, we got to randomly peruse the Snapchat Spectacles vending machine one day in the promenade. There's also a Pressed Juicery, a Pinkberry, and a game room! 

The Aria is within walking distance of a few art galleries and there's a bunch of cool sculptures and abstract art around the hotel, but nothing worthy of specifically visiting like the Bellagio fountains or garden. 

There are 4 pools total, one is reserved for Sky suite guests and the other is a lounge/pool club, which wasn't really popular. The pools are gorgeous  and offer a lot of shaded seating and the pool bar has great mojitos! There's also a small Jacuzzi near the entrance. 

Wonderful housekeeping service! I'm a huge slob when I travel so I only expected new towels and a freshly made bed, but they even folded up my dirty laundry, provided bags, refilled the amenities, and placed all my makeup on paper placemats. Nice touch. 

Edit: On the day we left, there was a shooting at the Cosmopolitan and the police closed off parts of the strip. Thanks to the bell desk service, we were able to skip the taxi line and make our flight while most cars were blocked on the strip. 

All in all, the Aria is modern and very classy. Definitely one of the most gorgeous hotels on the strip with boujee restaurants and designer boutiques. Would definitely stay here again. :)Wonderful stay at the Aria. Very well kept casino, very nice and hi tech rooms make the stay as nice and comfortable as possible. Can tell it is one of the newest hotels in Vegas and would definitely come back here again. Has everything needed around the casino level, as well as a parking deck where you can use your room key to get in and out. Middle of everything on the strip and couldn't ask for moreMy husband had a conference here and I am tagging a long having a grand time here at Aria. We asked for an upgrade and were able to upgrade to a panoramic tower suite for an additional $40 a night. Its worth the upgrade. The room is huge with walls of windows in the living, bedroom and bath areas. The blinds are automated and you have an iPad next to your bed to control the lighting, music and shades- sheer and blackout. It's a swanky room and the views of the strip make me feel like I am a high roller while I sit out and type this review. Oh and there is a heated toilet seat with bidet in the bathroom of the Toto Washlet. I've always been a fan of Japanese style toilets and I have one in my home but it's rare to find one in a hotel in the US. To top it off they use Lather products in the bathroom- and the soap smells so good and the Lather is foamy. I hope to score a sample soap to take home with me. If you stay in a Tower suite you can get complimentary free coffee, sodas and waters. They have scones and muffins in the morning too. The fitness center is top notch with nice equipment and a good selection to work off that hangover. I love the mens shop too with a great selection of Robert Graham shirts. This place is really cool and I would love to stay here again. I don't gamble much and with my $20 I won a $119. A winner in Vegas now that is a first time for me. 
When you stay make sure you have a M Life card and you can accumulate points on hotel stay, gambling, hotel and bar expenses. So even when sipping a cucumber refresher by the pool I am earning M Life points. Also the rates are better direct when you are an M life member. They partner with Southwest and Hyatt so you slip your preferred partner card to them when you check in. They will also match your Hyatt status too. In December we are coming back to stay at Vdara so I hope it's just as nice as our Aria experience.If your looking for a modern, high class, and clean hotel. I'd recommend booking at the aria! My brother and I stayed here 2 years ago for Sema and it sure lives up to its name. With luxury rooms, high quality service, and a variations of food spots in the casino area. Aria also offers high end shopping mall that it's nearby and for the night out hit up the night club, which is located on the bottom floor. 

The rooms are decently priced, but make sure you book in advance for some better deals. Expect the room rates to be at least 100 or more plus fees.After thinking about giving this place 4-stars, I realized than anything "wrong" with the Aria is either my preferences, or the establishments within. But as for a hotel itself, it's totally top-notch.

Check-in:
I had booked a Deluxe King Room months in advance given how incredible of a price we were offered from MLife (for Valentine's Week). We checked-in at about 7 p.m. with a very friendly gentlemen at the front desk. I was hoping to upgrade to one of their Suites and was happy to pay whatever the difference was - unfortunately the hotel Suites were completely booked (no ones fault). 

Room:
Even for a basic room, it did not disappoint. Good technology in the room (the TV is a bit finicky when using the tablet, but still works fine), decent size, very clean and nicely appointed. The view is a bit weak as we were staring at the roof of the lobby overhang, but still, it's a basic room so can't expect too much.

The room cleaning was INCREDIBLY fast and consistent - best we have experienced in Vegas (MAKE SURE TO TIP YOUR ROOM ATTENDANTS!). 

Casino:
I should note that neither my wife nor I are huge table-players. She LOVES slots, as do I, and also do video poker regularly. We found the casino to be oddly setup - as I said above, this is a preference statement. But, we did find the drink service to be much slower than in other MGM properties, I think this is because of the sheer LENGTH of the casino. In casinos like the Mirage, it's fairly "square" - so that the wait staff are all quite close to the centre bar to get drinks. Here, they have to walk quite a long way, and can easily miss you.

Restaurants and Bars:
Great selection to chose from, and something for everyone. Great bars, with top-notch drinks.

Location:
Great location that's very close to the Cosmo and Monte Carlo. We prefer further North towards Mirage, but it's still a great spot.

Check-out:
Again, very polite and friendly - and they held our bags for us as our flight wasn't until 4 p.m.

I'm honestly not sure if, for the price, we like this resort above Mirage or Mandalay Bay (although it's WAY more conveniently located than MB), but it's definitely the nicest MGM Property overall in our opinion.

Thanks Aria! We loved our stay with you and will be back.We love the aria. I have zero negative things to say. Every time we come to Vegas we stay here and are more impressed each time. Not to mention every restaurant is incredible. 

Personally I won't stay anywhere else. Oh - and I've won a lot of money here too lol.Stayed here over the Easter holiday last year with my girlfriend. This was the first time I had been to Vegas since turning 21. Rooms are very nice and modern. Bed was super comfy and bath room was very luxurious. Some areas were I could see some improvement would be that the TV sound went up and done on its own and the picture quality looked like something out of the year 2005 when flat screens just came out. I would expect more from a hotel like this. There was also no table in the room to sit and eat. How would you eat if you were to order room service? I suppose they would bring a cart but it would still be nice to have a table.  I should mention this was the basic king suite room that I stayed in. Housekeeping also accidentally moved some bottled water from the minibar while cleaning which was not appreciated since they then tried to charge me for it. After complaining they removed the charges. Once again never should have happened though. Casino I can't say too much on since I'm not a big gambler but the actual casino floor was one of the best I've seen. Clean and stimulating and was not reeking of cigarettes like some of the older casinos. Good variety of restaurants but don't waste time with the buffet, it was over priced and not very good. I always thought buffets in Las Vegas were supposed to be the best in the world but I wasn't that impressed. As far as buffets goes it was average at best, and the wait was over an hour.  Aria is definitely worth checking out, I would stay there again if I had the chance to get a better idea of the pool and spa which I didn't get to visit.   I would probably get a bigger room though something with the table and maybe some additional seating.My wife and I love Aria and have stayed there several times. Every employee you come in contact with is very friendly, courteous and accommodating. I have yet to meet a rude staff member there from front desk, bell, valet, restaurant staff to housekeeping. 

Of note this trip, first week of July, were 2 of the chefs at the buffet. Chef Craig Heber and Chef Abel Ramirez. 

I have several difficult food allergies, and both chefs took time to walk me around and point out which foods I could safely eat. Chef Abel actually cooked some vegetables and roasted a potato for me specially as that day during brunch there was nothing else that I could safely eat. He then personally delivered the food to my table. 

This type of service is unheard of from a chef at a major hotel resort buffet. Anyone with food allergies who has difficulty finding safe meals to eat should seriously consider staying here and eating at the buffet. Just ask to speak to the chef on duty and they will accommodate your needs. 

Several other employees there were notably courteous and friendly but I wanted to specifically mention these two gentlemen. 

Also want to mention that the Fitness Center is outstanding. Very big. Had everything. Very nice gym for a hotel. It wasn't mentioned as a factor in the Aria survey, but it is a factor I consider when choosing someplace to stay. My wife and I use it every day. We only go where there is a nice gym and pool area. Both are great here.The suites are superbly lux and extremely spacious.  Each is well equipped with multiple flat screen TVs.  The additional guest bathroom is a handy addition too. For Aria Sky Suite guests, the daily wine and cheese paring is a pleasant touch. A high calibre hotel on the strip, perfectly positioned to explore all that is Las Vegas.Stayed at the Aria over the 4th of July weekend.  I was a bit nervous about the check in based on other yelpers' reviews prior to arriving, but it wasn't so bad.  The check in line seemed long but I figured it was the holiday crowd.   We did the mobile check in and it was pretty quick.  In other parts of the hotel, I thought that it would feel super crowded during the holiday weekend but it wasn't bad at all.  Overall, we enjoyed our stay at the Aria and would return again.

Pros:
-Enjoyed the pool - go early to avoid the crowd and also if you want to be in the shade.  
-Had a good view of the strip from our room.
-Hotel is clean and modern.
-Many choices for food.
-Location to other hotels/casinos.

Con:
-The only negative feedback is the buffet.  They have a good selection of food but most of the food was too salty.This is probably my favorite hotel to stay at when in vegas. Why? The location is convenient, it's located in the middle of the strip, their service is impeccable and their rooms are awesome! Beds and pillows are so comfy! Shits on my Casper mattress back at home. Lol.Middle to upper class hotel on the strip. 

Rooms are big and up to date. The hotel itself is big with a bunch of restaurants. Decor is very asian themed.

Located in the City Center area. 

Valet costs $13.00. 

Table prices are a little higher then other hotels.Awesome hotel, I wanted to live there which is saying something coming from someone who doesn't love to travel and misses their own bed while away. Absolutely zero things they could have done differently to make me think more highly of them.This is the only place I will stay when I am in Vegas. Some of the front desk agents need to work on their attitude but other than that I love this hotel.The room is by far my most favorite hotel room ever for layout, style, and comfort, and I was in a base level room that felt way more than that.  It has many modern touches and specialities, particularly with controls for the room lighting and TV from a tablet in the room.  It had some lighting features like "romantic" which aren't really romantic. The nightly room turn down service puts it on this setting, and the bathroom seems like the lights will trigger an epileptic fit.  Don't do it.  They do have nice chocolates on the turndown though.  

Instead of a door hangar, you have buttons where you can mark privacy or service for the room. I would recommend if you want your room tidied up that you actually mark the "service" button.  I didn't have anything marked, was gone all day, leaving before 8:30 and back 4:30 and my room was never cleaned.  One of the lamps also didn't work for the wall switch or tablet commands...oh well. Unplugging it works. ;)

I ordered room service from the tablet and found it lacking in customer service option for the meal items and ordering which left the room service a bit off.  I didn't have any sort of pancakes with my breakfast, which was standard eggs, bacon, hash browns, but I was brought two different syrups, but not hot sauce or ketchup, and it took about an hour & 1/2.  If you have dietary concerns, there weren't any special notes or way to make that in the tablet for room service orders.  My glass of iced tea had no ice and was heavily watered down, and no where  worth the price. Food was a tad overpriced for a Vegas and what it was even for room service.  Skip it...go try the other food options. 

Positive item! The bathroom is amazing.  It's a walk in shower but in the back of the shower area is full soaking tub.  Loooooooved it.  Shower is amazing too. The room comes with robes and slippers to use which is a very nice plus. 

The bed and linens were fantastic.  I slept sooo amazing. 

As a business traveler, I wish they had a coffee option for the room, but it's Vegas...I get it.  Otherwise that was the only thing really missing from the room experience, at least in the base level.  I didn't cruise through the hotel extensively, but really love that I didn't have to walk a mile from any main entrance to get to my room even though this place is HUGE.  It also wasn't massively smokey on the casino floor getting to the room elevators.  Non smoking floor actually has no trace or hint of smoke like some hotels. 

Lift bar has had live music a few nights which is nice, and it's not hard to find the ride share areas at this hotel.  

Overall...big wow.  I would absolutely stay here again.I had an opportunity to stay for 2 nights in this modern hotel last month as a reward from an app game I play. This is the best hotel I ever stayed in Vegas. I really loved the tablet where I could control all the lights, blackout/sheer curtains, room temperature and TV. The goodnight feature from that tablet was very convenient for me. You could actually order stuffs from the tablet, too, such as souvenirs, take-out food, room service, romantic flowers on your bed, etc. 

I also loved the pillows and the design of their bathroom for the deluxe rooms. Yes, the pillow was so comfy that I bought one home from their souvenir store.

The cleaning service people there were friendly, too. In the morning, they always asked me if I needed anything like shampoo, towels, soaps, etc, when they saw me exiting my room.

There are many fancy restaurants in the hotel that I didn't have a chance to try. Next time, I might give some of those restaurants a try.

It was my first time staying here, and I could say I was pleased. I will be staying here in the future.

Minus 1 star for the first room I got that was a mess (There was an issue with the lights/technology feature, so there were only 2 lights that worked. Some area of the carpet was still wet, and the drawer in the bathroom had some used dental floss, used pink-colored shavers, and some other female stuffs). I couldn't stand that messy room, so I asked for another room. The front desk assigned me a new room on higher floor promptly, and she was very apologetic knowing that I got a messy room. The second room I got, it was nice and clean.Aria by far is the best hotel on the strip, from the restaurants to the modern feel of the interior the hotel really has a lot to offer. We usually stay at the MGM Grand or Planet Hollywood but those hotels just look run down and have become subpar in my opinion. So staying at Aria it really gives you a feel of being in an upscale establishment."My mothers 70th birthday"
What a great place. Been here multiple times and always enjoy it. We usually stay here or the Bellagio. Can not go wrong with either property. Rooms are gorgeous and very modern. Aria seems to be ahead of the future. No need for a do not disturb sign on your door. Just press a button  in your room and a privacy sign illuminates outside your door. Also I will say that the wi-fi at Aria is the best I have had in Vegas. Restaurants are of course on the pricey side. Do yourself and try the Todd English pub located adjacent to the lobby. Great food and drink. Very good happy hour specials on food and drink everyday 3-6. Service was great from the valets to front desk to housekeeping. Only thing I did not like is they charge for a package delivery. My brother send a birthday card to my mother and we were charged $6 for that . Really. After already paying a daily "resort fee". A little frustrating. Not the $6 but the concept does NOT make sense. Outside of that I really like this place.-WillNo clue why the star rating isn't higher, this is me + my wife's favorite strip hotel/casino, and I've stayed at them all. Guessing this is used more as a forum to complain than compliment. That's ok, those folks can go stay at the Stratosphere. 

My wife and I come here a few time every year for 24 hours to relax, gamble, eat, and have a lot of fun. The entire hotel is clean and fresh, the casino is spacious and not a hangout for college folks at a bachelor/bachelorette party, the rooms are big and up to date, and the restaurants are the best on the strip (Palazzo is a close 2nd).

This place is perfect for the 30-45 year old crowd looking for fun, but in a classy atmosphere. Yes, it might cost a bit extra, but it's worth it and keeps the riffraff away. The location on the strip is also perfect vs. my next favorite resort, Wynn/Encore. Plus that place has 2x craps odds...ain't no one got time for dat! 

Will be back out here again tomorrow for the wife's bday, looking forward to another great experience.Overall I had a really great time at Aria, the rooms are beautiful and exactly as described and the grounds are equally as nice. It's definitely a nice resort and I would stay here anytime.My stay here was awesome, I stayed for free which of course might have helped, and to be honest I would never stay here otherwise as I am more of a Super 8 kind of guy. My room had a wonderful view of the strip, and was well appointed.
It was showing it's age a bit, but not overly so. A controller in the room controls the lights, sheers, and curtains as well as the TV and entertainment center. You can set an alarm, and the room will slowly wake you up by turning on the TV to the channel you selected, slowly bringing up the lights, and then opening the curtains. Very cool way to wake up in Vegas!
The maids did a great job of keeping the room clean and stocked with amenities and the bed was outrageously comfortable.
I had a big comfy robe and I love love love stand alone showers, I'm not a fan of the shower tub combo. The water pressure was great for Vegas, and the shower is huge with a sitting bench built in! Very relaxing after walking the Strip all day/night.
I really enjoyed my stay, and all staff I encountered were friendly and accommodating. Although this is out of my normal price range, I would stay again for a special occasion like an anniversary or something like that.I've had an amazing time staying with Aria. 

I love that there's a security check for those who are staying at the resort and that there's plenty of snack and dining options.

Amazing employees and always a good time in vegas!Our stay here was great and I would rate our stay 5 stars however are after experience was less than desirable and I would rate how we were treated after our check out 1 star. The rooms here are simply amazing the beds are nice and comfy. The room has state of the art technology which allows you to control everything in your room from a tablet provided on the bed side table. From this tablet you can adjust the temperature, lights, TV, the shades, and you can even order room service or food froma few of the restaurants located at the Aria. All of these features makes you never want to leave. Aria also has a great location on the strip as it is located in the heart of city center which is at the heart of the strip. It's easy to walk to anything and everything you could possibly need. We used the mobile checkin feature which we loved as we were notified when our room was ready and got to skip the long checkin lines. In addition we also used the mobile check out feature which we thought was uber convenient. However that's where all the nice things ended. Upon using mobile checkout we were told that a finalized bill/folio would be emailed to us which it never was. We called a day or two after our check out to ask them to send us a bill the lady on the phone confirmed our email address and said it would be sent over right away. Again we received no bill/folio. We called again a day or two later and asked if we could get our bill we spoke to someone named Walter and again he confirmed our email address and said he would call the front desk to have them email it right over he said he would need to put us on hold. We told him fine. He then just simply hung up on us and still no bill was sent. At this point we were absolutely frustrated as it seemed that the Aria was trying to hide something from us. We called back as Walter had not called us back after hanging up on us, and much to our surprise Walter answered. This time we told him that we still had not received a bill and he said that they closed in 20 minutes and that he would just transfer us to the front desk so that we could try and deal with this issue with someone else. Once we were put through to the front desk the lady on the phone said she would send us the bill and we received it almost instantly which leads me to believe everyone else simply ignored our requests. Upon seeing the bill we noticed that they had opted not to apply our $100 dining credit luckily we were still on the phone and she said she would fix it immediately and that she would take off one night in resort fees, and she would send our correct bill to us. We thanked her and hung up. Upon receiving the next bill we noticed it was still not correct and that the resort fees of one night were not taken off as promised we had to call back once again. It should never be this difficult to A. Get a bill in general and B. Get a correct bill. All in all I strongly suggest staying here but I also suggest you take a careful look at your bill and ensure that you receive a bill. Again our stay here was fabulous and would rate it five stars but from checkout to present was awful and we were made to feel that they didn't care about us because we were no longer at the hotel.I just love it here. This is my Hubby and mines hot spot for Vegas. We love the bars, lounges, pools, clubs.... the whole vibe here is just for me. I love that everyone still dresses up like you are suppose to in Vegas!!! I love... LOVE that it is attached to Crystals shopping. We come to Vegas from L.A. Once a month and Aria is always a must to come to, even if your not staying. 

We are actually coming soon to stay here for my Dirty 30 in a couple months! So I will update this review for you based on the room we get and such!!! I hope it meets all our high expectations we already have at the Aria! 

Response to Aria: Thank you so much for your reply that was awesome of you!! We booked a room for my "Dirty 30" at the end of March and are bringing a whole group of friend. Everyone is super excited! See you soon!!!Beautiful hotel, large public spaces makes crowded feel less so. Well appointed room; floor to ceiling grand view windows; cool iPad for room controls. Front desk efficient and courteous. Front desk security employee a special stand out! Pastry shop a plus--well located. Nice little music club open in casino. Downside: the parking situation--ridiculous charges for what was free. Its Vegas for Gods sake! Stop being greedy.This buffet is the cheeks. Worth every dollar. I did not have one thing that disappointed me.
First off, the lamb chops are better than anything I've ever tasted. When they are paired with the green beans, you're gonna be getting off to that image for the rest of the night. The king crab legs are the business. They are already cut in half so you can just start eating the bastards. The mac n cheese is better than sex, no lies. Ladies and gentlemen I have seen the Great Wall of china, I have seen the pyramids of Egypt, I've even seen a man pleasure a camel, but I have never seen or tasted anything as glorious as that entire dessert bar. The gelato is so good, my dick started to cry. Tears of joy that is.

To recap, 10/10 buffet, highly recommend. If I had to choose between the birth of your first child, or eating this buffet; catch me in the waiting room naming my child "Aria Buffet". K peace out bye.My boyfriend took me on a spontaneous one night trip to Vegas last Friday night. We arrived at the Aria hotel pretty late, around 10pm. They lady who checked us in was so nice and gave us a room at the very top floor. The view was awesome. 

We recently stayed at the Wynn in late March so our bars have been set very high after our last visit to Vegas. This hotel has always been on my list of places that I want to stay at and I have to say that I would definitely stay here again! Although the room wasn't as luxurious, it still had many of the features that I appreciated about the room we had at the Wynn. The drapes opened and closed with a press of a button. They provide a tablet at the side of the bed that allows for all drape and lighting functions throughout the room. Through this tablet you can also order room service and much more. 

The bed was very comfortable and the room was just the right size. The bathroom is always what I look at first when booking a room because being a girl who needs good lighting for applying makeup and likes to take fancy, long showers and squeeze in a nice bath, it is very VERY important!!! My boyfriend also says "if the bathroom isn't better than the one I have at home, then it doesn't feel like a real vacation". TRUE. 

Enough about the room.... The hotel itself is freaking amazing! I love to just walk through the casino and the lobby because it's decorated so differently than other fancy hotels. The location of this hotel is perfect. Right in the middle of all the good stuff. 
Also, during our last visit to Vegas, we came to see the show here at the Aria called Zarkana. This show is no longer there but it was so amazing. I heard they are replacing it with a new show. I will look forward to seeing the new show here because the seating was set up very nicely. I don't think any seat there would have a bad view. 

The only thing I didn't like was that we chose to go with the self park option rather than to valet, and they charged us $10. It's not a ridiculous amount, I have definitely experienced worse. I just think it is unnecessary for a 5 star hotel to charge their guests for parking. Go ahead and charge people who aren't paying an arm and a leg for a room there. That's understandable. But don't charge your guests a self parking fee for each night! 

Unfortunately, we only got to be in Vegas for a few hours because I had to be back home for work on Saturday evening. Didn't get a chance to check out the pool or any of the restaurants or bars. They all look really good and we will definitely have to check them out next time. THERE WILL BE A NEXT TIME!Dear Aria,

Thank you for hosting my wife and I for our one year anniversary from June 4th through the 7th. 

I would like to take a moment to acknowledge a couple of your employees who I felt when over and beyond with their kindness and great energy.  More reasons we are always delighted to stay at the Aria Resort and Casino when we make Las Vegas our travel destination.

This year, we were able to secure a Sky Suites Penthouse and the stay was spectacular!  

We always feel that the employees at the Aria Resort are kind, professional, extremely capable and make a fabulous attempt at making all of their guests feel like they are VIPs.  We feel that two individuals stood out in their interactions with us.

Justin at the Sky Suites desk checked us in last October when we came on our honeymoon.  We were delighted and fortunate to have him check us in again!  Always a polite and capable young man, he truly is an example of the five diamond care The Aria Resort and Casino strive to give their guests.

Lee at the Bellhop who brought our luggage up to our room.  His energy was spectacular!  Friendly, outgoing and his willingness to help are only small words to describe how he treated us!  He did almost everything but help us unpack!  A truly fabulous and wonderful employee to help us settle in to our suite.

We both also are extremely thankful for the handwritten Happy Anniversary cards and gifts from the resort and your employees.  We truly were made to feel like we were VIPs.

We were more than pleased with our stay and it certainly was a memorable anniversary trip.  It is because of these two outstanding individuals and all the other Aria employees we were fortunate to interact with that make us desire to stay at The Aria Resort and Casino time and time again!

Thank you for the most memorable anniversary!

Yours,

Steven Leon
Lindsay Weiler-LeonAria is one of my "top 5 places to stay in Vegas." Ill admit a lot has changed in the past 4-5 years, but it still captures a special place in my heart. 

Since Ive stayed at this hotel countless times, i feel entitled to share this review. 

x easy access throughout the hotel
x small casino floor
x relaxing/ not much action 
x iPad control panels in every room
x countless restaurants and home to my two favorites Javier's and Jean Philippe Patisserie
x friendly staff
x M life resort
x limited shops
x beautiful lobby
x waterfall wall near entrance (good for pics)
x parking fee 
x reasonable rates

Aria used to have a nice vanilla scent but now they installed a burger joint near the parking lot entrance.. the moment you open that door, make sure you are not hungry, or else you will be eating here :) 

I will definitely be back!!It is really fancy in this hotel!  You got the Shops at Crystals, classy restaurants, nice casino and the list goes on.  You can even take the tram to the Bellagio and Vdara from here.  This is one of the cleaner hotels in Las Vegas and maintenance does a phenomenal job in sustaining the upkeep of it.  Parking isn't too bad so you shouldn't have a problem with that.  During night, the hotel looks really cool with its illuminated lights and you can see the rooms with some of the guests checked in them.  I imagine that the views would also be great.My sister and I came here to celebrate our birthdays. When my sister made the reservations, she told Amanda that we were both veterans and were coming to Las Vegas to celebrate together. Amanda upgraded our room for us, gave us a private limo ride from the airport, had chocolates and chocolate strawberries sent to our room, and who knows what else is in store! 

We are in the sky suites. There are so many amenities I can't begin to describe them all. We have access to the roof top pool where tips are optional, they have a buffet that is out of this world! I haven't used the other hotel amenities just yet but we just got in last night so that will change. 

Now the rooms...the rooms are amazing! I would live in one. The room has a remote control for everything. The temperature, lights, drapes, all on an iPad looking controller. The view is beautiful at night. I've included some pictures because words don't describe how much I'm loving my stay here!Pros: What a great hotel. Good service. Modern fitness area. Relaxing spa environment. My favorite part was our hotel bathroom. They had this huge soaking tub in the same stall as the walkin shower. So I could do my fave thing (shower and then soaking bath). Huge waste of water, I know. It's Vegas and I was on vacation!

Cons: none I can think of.I'm not sure why this hotel has such bad reviews. I usually like to rotate my hotels around whenever I'm in Vegas.

I tend to stay at Planet Hollywood, Cosmo, Aria, or Vdara because I like to stay in the middle of the strip. I've been to Aria a few times and I've personally never had any problems. Yeah, maybe their food selection is kinda bad compare to other hotels, but the staff and hotel is always consistent. I don't ask for much whenever I'm here as long as the bed is comfortable. 

I'll be back.Very beautiful, upscale hotel casino a bit pricey  - but arguably worth it as its center strip, offers a beautiful and large pool area all with outstanding customer service.

Its important to choose a great hotel when doing Vegas right. Often times the hotel you stay at isn't just the one you snooze at but the one you gamble at, eat at, drink and party at. Its not like going to Hawaii. I would argue any old hotel in Hawaii would suffice as the beach is the main attraction. My point: don't skimp and get a cheaper, lesser hotel - get the best your budget allows.

Probably the one thing about Aria I don't like is that its direct neighbors in City Center are not as interesting as they could be. If you stay at Paris, for example, the neighboring hotel is the Cromwell and it offers lots and is easy and quick to get to without an Uber or Taxi necessary. That being said... everything you would ever want is within the Aria Resort, no need to leave.It's safe to say that this is the only resort I'll rest my head while in Las Vegas. They treat you like royalty. They treat you as though their work is art and damnit ...I appreciate it lol

For a 5 diamond rated resort I'd say this place is more than affordable, whether you're staying in a room or suite. Maybe it's steep on fight weekends and whatnot but reserve in advance and you should be fine.

There is no aspect of my stay that I do not like, and it smells amazing throughout the resort including in the Crystals shopping center.

My room is always clean and well taken care of. Sometimes the tablet is a little wacky but that's rare and quite honestly for an electronic device to take abuse day in and day out from guests, I'm not mad.

I love to wake up and relax poolside with a fresh juice, and then I head to Aria Cafe for breakfast.

The buffet is awesome, Herringbone is great and so is the sweets/gelato place.

You've got Crystals shopping next door and an absolute abundance of "just about anything you wanna do" right there. They did one hell of a job with this resort and I'm confident they'll keep it up.Spectacular customer service! Besides the fact I paid $13.00 for Valet($2.00 tip, sorry, would've rather given the $15.00  as a tip).

From the valet service to walking into the hotel, I was very happy. I hadn't been here in over a year and didn't know where I was supposed to meet my friend.

I was standing in the lobby, probably looking confused as a nice hotel manager walked up to me and asked if he could help me find where I was going? Yes! Thank you, he walked me over to 'Javiers' (Mexican restaurant, damn I forgot to check in). Such a nice gesture.

Ok, so I forgot to check into 'Javier's', but I will elaborate!  HELLO can I say AMAZING! First off the decor is so sexy and decadent. They have rope ceiling ART over the bar area, yes rope! Its quite erotic and dark, I like!
The food was so delicious, I might have a food orgasm.
We ordered(waitress suggestion) the trio of ceviche , with octopus, white fish and tuna. WHAT? LOVE! And an order of the large scallops, another WHAT! YES!!!!
Oh ...and the 4 different salsas and fresh tortilla chips as a compliment to the table. Outstanding service and food.
We also had a split of champagne for fun! Why not, its Monday lunchtime LOL

Its quite pricey, I didn't look at the bill as my friend was treating, but I know it wasn't cheap. Check the menu before going as I have no clue as to the prices. Worth every penny.

Leaving Aria at their valet was easy and didn't take long at all.

Everyone I encountered at Aria had outstanding customer service with a smile that was genuine, which to me is the most important. I will definitely go back as I felt like they truly cared I was there and not just another local.

Thank you Aria Staff, youre the best of the bestI've been to Vegas twice and each time I've stayed at the aria (it's #2 on the Forbes list) it's been a mind blowing experience. During my last stay, I was in a One Bedroom Penthouse Sky Suite. Let me start off by saying they pick you up in a Cadillac Limo (hella fancy!) And then you arrive through a private entrance and all. Now, the ROOM. It's beautiful with the marble flooring, floor to ceiling windows that give you a great view of the strip from the 55th floor, huge bathroom with a jet tub and steam shower that can fit like four peoole! Their service has always been outstanding-their staff is always polite and hands-on. The only reason why I'm rating 4 stars is because of the candy that was hiding in the corner upon our arrival in the living room and bedroom. Regardless, it's definitely a 5-star hotel!This is a wonderful place to stay. Like everything else it has both positive and negative factors but nothing is perfect. Some staff members were a little rude and treated us as though we were not guests here then became extremely apologetic when we showed our Tower Suite Card. I was particularly amused at how some staff members changed their entire tone of voice. Anyhow that was the downside. Upside was everything else. It's walking distance to almost everything. The restaurants are AMAZING!!!! Especially Javier's. All in all. Will be staying here again for sure. Good vibesI stayed in room 8-308 prior to superbowl weekend. Chinese new year decor was a little overwhelming but i get it, its Vegas. go big or go home. 

the room was allllllll the way at the end of the building. literally one other room separating mine from being part of the outline of the building on the blueprint. that walk from the elevator sucked balls especially when drunk.

my room was amazing- tons of space, power shades/blackout curtain, Aria tablet to control everything in the room. I had no complaints bc i only needed the room for the 3 S's (shit, shower, sleep) but the table lamp wasnt functional and the controls for the bedside lamps were reversed. not a big deal since they served their purpose but confusing when trying to control it.

also what was a tad annoying was the power curtains made the most horrible noise when riding its rail to open or close. a little WD-40 goes a long way.

bathroom had a double sink, shower and a tub, door for the toilet as well as a door to the bathroom itself.  pretty luxe. 

im all about the techy-room. just make sure everything works. would i stay here again? definitelyLove this resort. The location is great. The rooms are amazing. The views are nice as well. They have plenty of gaming, the spa is to die for and there are plenty of nice places to eat. You gotta try their Burge Lounge and the Pizza restaurant. Both are great! Their technology is amazing and they seem to be improving that as well. The only suggestion I have is I wish they had more seats at the pools. It's very difficult to find a seat at the free pools when the hotel is full. We ended up getting a cabana which I highly recommend.Today was our first day at Aria Resort & Casino. From the moment we arrived the bellhop greeted us with sincerity and thanked us for choosing Aria. I barely had time to step out of our SUV service from LAS and already felt an incredible warm welcome. There was a short line at check in that moved quickly. Pam checked us in and oriented us to the property since it is our first stay. She was so polite and sweet. She graciously allowed us to check in early and upgraded our room for free because it was our first time here and she wanted us to have a great experience. Our stay includes 2 free breakfast or lunch buffets per day which we are definitely going use. Our room is gorgeous. The 15th floor with an amazing strip view. Thank you Pam for doing that. I called bellhop to bring our bags up, he was here in maybe 3-4 minutes and asked if we needed anything else or wanted a tour of the room tablet controls. He kindly went and filled our ice bucket as requested. We are definitely going to stay here again and we already booked our stay for Route 91 festival later this year at Aria... I am so glad we did. It's so refreshing to be treated with such great customer service and sincerity. I wish more hotels on the strip were as polite and welcoming to guest.

UPDATE*** Best Buffet I have had in Vegas!!! The line was long but since we have M Life pearl/gold we were allowed to skip the line! It's a really nice perk of the rewards program! We had the breakfast buffet our first day and lunch the second day. The service and food was excellent each time.  

Nadia at the pool was quick and gave us excellent service.

Peter the bellhop was really nice too!Have yet to stay here.  I do like the casino though.  The  ambiance is modern and elegant all rolled into one.  I almost felt like I was not gambling in Vegas.  Aria is not the smoke filled casinos of past or present.

If you are not a gambler,  then you can shop or dine.  Plenty of restaurants both at the hotel/casino and the shopping mall next door.  

Make sure to drop in when you are strolling along the Strip.  Maybe you will even win a few bucks.  You never know.You just gotta go and see it yourself! Great alternative right on the strip !! Must experience Aria !nothing beats the sky suites!!!!!!! best service and private entrance i have stayed 4 times here and will be back again! 
rolando lugonesStayed here during our most recent 3 day 2 night (May 04-06, 2017) vacation in Las Vegas. 

Having stayed at the Wynn and the Bellagio during previous trips, I can say with certainty that ARIA Resort & Casino surpassed my expectations. 

Our flight arrived in Las Vegas just before 11am on Thursday, May 04, 2017. The staff was able to accommodate us with and early check in. 

The room (32123) was clean and nicely appointed. Everything about it was perfect. His and hers closets. A spacious bathroom with a soaking tub inside the shower enclosure. Comfortable bed. Heavy blackout window coverings controlled by remote and wall switch. 

ARIA is a newer, upscale hotel with a location that can't be beat. Situated in a court. Kind of right in the middle of the strip... which is nice. 

I would happily stay here again.When we checked in mid week, we were offered a 50 buck a night upgrade to a " corner sky suite". The room was great- all 3 rooms had 2 floor to ceiling walls of Windows . The bath had a huge whirlpool tub in corner that was intersection of huge windows overlooking the strip. The shower was huge and the supplies was generous - 2oz shampoo and conditioner. 

All the curtains etc were remotely controlled by a tablet and the bed was comfy. The pillows took a little getting used to as 2 was just too much height for my head. They were almost like body pillows.

We also were given free limo service to airport and access to the lounge with free water and food. 

The people at checkin were nice and gave me some recommendations for " old time retro Vegas bars".

I would stay here again.Great place to go visit !!! Wonderful design and another great casino to check out, had a great time, the casino actually paid out lol, there are a several
Hotels in Vegas, this one is on the top 5 to viewI have stayed at  several nice hotels in Las Vegas and have to place ARIA as my new favorite lux resort (1st visit).  We stayed during the Thanksgiving holiday weekend and got the added bonus of checking in at the  Tower Suite Lounge. We were able to avoid the very busy check in line at the main lobby. Nice! 

**The staff is incredibly helpful and friendly.
**The Tower Suite Lounge is located directly across from the main registration desk or main lobby.  Not to be confused with the Sky Suite Lounge. You enter through two large double doors. The lounge  is comfortable with complimentary coffee, espresso machine,  tea, sodas, juices, bottled water, and snacks. The sodas, bottled water, and juices are stored in the refrigerated  compartments just below the espresso machine and coffee urns. Cool! 
**The hotel is beautifully decorated. 
**Our room with city view is spacious, lux and beautiful. Cool! 
**Lights, climate control- A/C, entertainment units, and drapes are all tablet driven. All info re: hotel  amenities; restaurants; and things to do are all available on the tablet. Cool! 
**Large bathroom with shower/roman tub combo. Cool! 
**Great meals at Pizza Five50, the Café, and Julian Serrano. Hosts, food servers, drinks servers, and bartenders all super-pleasant at these establishments. Cool! 
**Lots of eateries.
** Awesome snacks, service and drinks at the beautifully decorated Lobby Bar (great spot to unwind, catch your breath, part yourself from the Vegas excitement, quietly watch people buzz through the large lobby, and have a refreshing cocktail, cold beer, or glass of wine). Cool! 
**You can watch your favorite ponies (various race tracks) at the Sports Bar- Real fun!  Cool! 
**Room rates are very reasonable for lux value. Cool! 
**Access to towers are secure with a guard stationed at the elevator entrances. Cool! 
**Plenty of self-parking, but can be cumbersome  when exiting the garage. Take a cab, UBER, or better yet, ask local Vegas relative or friend to shuttle you around. Make sure to reciprocate and buy them a nice meal and/or drinks. 

If you don't mind the Las Vegas Blvd. strip traffic, and want to stay at a lux hotel that won't break your wallet, ARIA is a great lux escape.

**Resist and stay away from the room mini bar selection. The price for convenience can be jaw-numbing/eye-popping. Not Cool!  Upgrade to the Tower Suite and enjoy access to the lounge for the complimentary drinks and snacks as you wish! 

Also, needless to say at this lux property, the eateries are not  for the budget minded. Try the restaurants and splurge on quality dining. Worth it! 

This is my new fav lux hotel whenever I'm in Las Vegas.My favorite hotel at Las Vegas ! 
Get the tower suits amazing view and best prices.

The hotel itself it's very nice and clean I love it.Really nice and one of the more hip places to stay. Expedia always has good deals for this place, especially considering it's one of the 3 "cool" places. Plenty to do, and there's even a 10 dollar minimum blackjack table for cheap bastards like me. Gorgeous interior and lot of places to eat and spend your money. Definitely a "splurge" hotel but well worth it. If you end up in the tower suites, it might be set up kind of odd. Additionally, our TV wasn't working but they sent someone up instantly. Finally, if you're in the tower suites, you have access to the lounge where there's free food and water! Yeah, free stuff in Vegas!We stayed there last Sunday 4/2/17.  The room was as expected and was very quiet.  Check in was great, as was the person who helped us.  We did drinks and tapas at a couple of the restaurants including Herribone and Bardot Brasserie, which were wonderful.  This was our second visit to Aria, and we look forward to returning.I really like almost everything about the Aria (Todd English being the exception, see review!) I haven't stayed here at the hotel yet, so this is a review on pretty much everything else.  All the reasons to come:

-the mall-its huge and smells good.  Visually it's artsy and it's extra clean.  The stores are all high end so for me, it's a nice air conditioned space to walk thru to get  to the Aria.  
-the casino- they always have fun slots which are what I love to gamble on. I won $550 so I think the casino is lucky!  It's a great, open space with good cocktail service.  MLife players card will only help you, so sign up!
-the restaurants- with the exception of the below par service at Todd English, i love the food offerings at the Aria.  The buffet is great and also the chocolate shop is great for souvenirs.  I even got a birthday cake for a friend there and it was beautiful (review to follow).  I also ate at five50 the pizza place which was really good but had terrible service.  
-The location- it's at a great space on the strip close to other great hotels like the cosmo, bellagio, monte carlo, etc.  

The hotel staff has always been nice and helpful.  The whole hotel is super classy, clean and inviting.  You should definitely come visit!Aria has always been one of my fav properties to stay at. Had the panoramic suite for my bday. Spectacular experience from the moment I jumped off the plane to the moment I was taken back to the airport! 

The tower suites come with a comp limo round trip limo service.  I was greeted by the awesome Maurice at baggage claim. He ushered me into the champagne colored stretch. As soon as we pulled up in the hotel driveway, a gal came to greet me curbside and ushered me into the special check in lobby for suite guests. The lobby featured complimentary drinks and snacks. Very pleasant and friendly faces in there. 

The room was almost a 1000 Sq feet of tastefully decorated space. Highlights included the floor to ceiling windows with a super sexy view of the strip at night, the 1.5 baths, the turn down service where they even tie your phone cords into a neat knot, and the jet tub. I'll let my pics do the talking but this is not an experience to miss when staying in Vegas.Me and my husband decided to have a small pre honey moon getaway right after our wedding so we picked Aria at Vegas. Everything was nice, the room, service and view. 

The reason I'm giving 4 star is that we booked the hotel and flight more than 2weeks ago and I specified that it would be our mini honey moon, and thinking that we might have some special something (I have heard that normally they do offer upgrades at cheaper price or spa tickets). On the day we checked in, the lady at front desk said unfriendly that they had nothing for us and told me we should have to mention earlier before we check in... Which I did online while booking!!!! 
It was disappointed because I've read some review about them asking on the day of and got an upgrade for their honeymoon. But I didn't want to ruin our mood and of course I was still expecting something to be at our room every time we enter but NOPE!

Other than that, the food was okay. The interior was very high end and very young atmosphere. I still enjoyed the stay but could have been better!!!!I have stayed at all the big name Vegas hotels. I have stayed at Red Rock, which I thought was awesome. Aria, by far, blows the Vegas hotels out of the water! 

Customer Service, Amenities, Restaurants, the pools, the fitness center.... All 5 star. I have always wanted to stay her but never did. The last time in Vegas I stayed at The Cosmo. Aria is perfect! I'm in my mid 30's so I am not inclined I stay right in the strip. Aria is just enough away from the strip but so close you can walk if you want to go there.

The steak house was amazing, Jean George. I can't get over the customer service. Not one person we encountered had a bad attitude. I certainly see how they take customer satisfaction to the next level. The rooms are clean and spacious. The property is well kept. Casio was nice and not extremely smoky.

Aria will be the only place I need to stay. I will be back to check out Jewel as it was closed in Thursday night when I was leaving.Liked:

Large and modern gym included in resort fee. Free 10 oz bottled water and apples. Cleaned earphones are provided but I still used mine.

Cool whole room control panel by the bed. You can order take-out from it too.

Blackout button by the bed will close the curtains and turn off lights automatically.

Toilet separate from the bathroom by a door for hygiene and privacy.

Unique inexpensive restaurants to spend resort credit.

Disliked:

The buffet is the worst value I had in Vegas with its holiday pricing.

In room tv showed my room has not been checked in a few times and the folio function did not work during my stay when I tried to check my account.

Blackout curtain still let lights come in through the space at the top. Wish it was a complete blackout.