I do not recommend Aria and completely regret my stay here. I should've checked Yelp prior to booking my reservation here. The front desk staff was awful, long lines for check in and check out, billing issues and overcharges on my credit card... a DISASTER to say the least. Aria tried to take as much money as they could from me, which I understand because is a business but I haven't experienced this so abruptly, it felt so wrong!This casino was just as bad as how fake kylee Jenner lips are. You will lose money here and the pool won't even let you in without and ID even if you  are paying a cover to get into a party. 

The service is rude and you will lose your money.
The people are not the type of people you wanna hang with.DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT PLAYING HERE!!! If you like to lose money, have watered down drinks, and overpay on everything imaginable then you should come here. I have been to this place many times I have never left a winner and when I see people win the casino staff acts like that person must have cheated! This place is absolutely horrible. I give it negative 5 stars.Sadly there is nothing lower than a 1 star rating. This hotel doesn't even deserve a star. Ive stayed in mostly every hotel in the strip and they were some good ones and some bad ones, but never have I experienced anything as nearly horrible as this hotel. Sure i won a good amount of money in the casino but that doesn't matter, what matters is that i would rather sleep under the vegas strip in the sewers than in the SKY SUITE I got. First, the room phone dis not work, and when i complained they literally said, "okay" (they never fixed it) i kept complaining but they really didn't care. I would give them a -100 for hospitality, they treat their guest as if they were enemies for some reason. Also, when i ask them to reserve a show for me they always wait for the last minute to tell me that they couldnt find seats, i dont know why they would lie to a guest because i get tickets for those same shows right at the gate. They also keep giving me the wrong times for the events they plan for me. BUT BY FAR THE WORST THING THEY KEEP DOING IS TELLING ME "so what" when i tell them how f***ing (i never curse but Aria got me crazy) horrible their service was. 

So long story short, ive been to 2 star motels in the slums in India that is better than this crap.We chose to stay in Aria for our Xmas trip because we heard of it from couple of friends. Our experience was nothing close to what we heard and it was a total disappointment. The hotel doesn't even deserve one star. The room didn't have coffee maker, the towels had Yellow stain on it. The bathroom door lock was broken and we couldnt lock it. We asked to clean up the bathroom but after our turn the bathroom was still the same as we left. When we asked for a fridge for personal use, they responded " we ran out" . They didn't offer us to empty the fridge that we already had so we can use it. Do not try to use or even touch the snacks or drinks in the fridge because you will be charged big time. For one bottle of water you'll get charged $18. You will be charged for utensils and hot water. I can go on and on about our worse experience at this hotel. This place is a fantasy from outside but a nightmare from inside. I rather stay at a motel but not spend one night at this place.The Lemongrass Restaurant for the money that we spent on our meal it was not worth it the food had no taste it was very disappointing.Stayed there and got eaten alive by bed bugs.  It was a very mentally and physically and financially costly trip for us.  This was during my husband's birthday weekend combined with a trip to visit a terminally ill relative.  This has ruined my desire to travel, especially to Vegas.  I am surprised there are not more bed bug reviews of this hotel as there was clear evidence and very very disturbing!!  ****I am posting this review with photos to warn other people so they will not have to go through what I went through.Expect to bribe employees, or have them steal from you.

OK, its Vegas which is all about money and nowhere is that more true than at the Aria where criminal activity seems to be institutionalized.

I've been going there for an annual conference for 6 years, and I've noticed a few things:
1. If you expect anything from anyone that works there, start the conversation with a $20 in your hand. (I'm not talking about special treatment, I mean anything at all...like checking into your room without waiting for hours so that the bellman can get paid for taking your bag.)
2. If you choose not to bribe employees, they'll kindly take their own bribes by adding drinks to your restaurant bills and mini-bar charges to your hotel bill. I've had as much as $150 in bogus room charges and my colleagues have similar stories about restaurant bills padded with phantom charges. (And FYI, trying to reverse the charges is a huge headache.)
3. The place has been in constant decline since it opened. Electronics don't work, plumbing is noisy (i.e. you hear the showers/toilets of your neighbors), and the ventilation is awful.

I'd recommend trying someplace else. It may not be better, but it can't be worse.I think it was the most terrible trip ever since 2010. Front desk is very slow and struggling with check in and check out. They are losing information about payments. For this price I was expecting something more. If you have a choice to pick the hotel with the same price somewhere else I would do it.Hotel way over price parking even charge $10 bucks per night for hotel guess stays. If you take something out of the frig in your room will be automatically charged even you put it back without using it. Marquee club is horrible not worth it. Not recommended for anyone stay hereI have stayed at the Aria several times and by far this was the worst experience ever.  It started off great.  I did mobile check in and got my room in minutes.  Room was fine except for some of the light switches not working.  The high tech rooms seem to breakdown a lot faster than regular rooms at other hotels.  Conference Center is nice and easy to get to even though it is down a very long hall.

On my last day at the hotel, I went to the hotel gym.  When I got back, I was locked out of my room.  Thought maybe me key just go deactivated.  So I went downstairs and talked to a security guard who helped.  He called someone to get me back in my room.  Security finally showed up after I call the operator and ask where security is.  Security can't get me into my room either. Another hotel staff comes by and calls someone and they say I need to go the front desk.

So I go to the front desk and talked to the manager.  Turns out overnight, they tried to run my credit card and it was declined several times.  The manager was not outrightly rude to me but her demeanor showed it.  It was if I was a common criminal trying to run out on my bill.  I have a long history at the Aria and other MGM properties so she should have been a bit more accommodating.

So I have to get special permission to be let back in my room to get my ID and credit card to prove I am not trying to run out on my bill. Security lets me in and I get my ID and card.  I then go back to the front desk where they run my card with no issues. The front desk clerk says because I did mobile check in and they did not run my card manually at the front desk, the overnight charge was declined.  

Seems that if they are going to continue to use this mobile check in, they should get their credit card processing working properly.  Also, if they had tried calling me in my room or on my cell phone, I could have easily taken care of this.  Instead I have to run around the hotel working with security and the front desk when I was in a hurry to get to my event.  And I would not have had to deal with a rude front desk manager.

I did eat lunch at the pool bar one afternoon and it was not bad. You order with the cocktail waitresses and someone else delivers your food in a bag.  I guess the food is made elsewhere on the property.  I had the falafel plate.  It had lots of good stuff on it - hummus, Greek olives, salad, pita.  That was one bright spot during my stay.  Except it was way too hot outside.  Not sure how people bake in the hot sun when its 110 outside.

I will never, ever stay at the Aria again.  If I have another event there, I will stay next door at the Cosmopolitan where I can get Marriott points anyway.It is rare that I say anything negative about anything.  The check-in service was awful, I booked a king-bed room at a higher rate, and was told that they are out of king-size beds.  When I got to the room, the walls are paper thin, I can hear my next door neighbor giggling, not very loudly, but I can hear them clearly.  The beds were made so poorly, they look like someone had recently laid in them.  I'm glad I gave this place a try for my one night business trip here, because I'll know not to stay here, and warn my friends to not stay here either.ARIA HOTEL, where do I even begin with you guys?!?! There isn't even enough words to describe the HORRENDOUS EXPERIENCE I had with your hotel. About 2 weeks ago I went onto your website and booked a hotel room for a ONE NIGHT STAY on June 28-29 2017 for the Deluxe Strip View Queen. When I booked it, I added a 3rd person knowing that it was an ADDITIONAL $30. On top of that I added on a LATE GUARANTEED CHECKOUT for an additional $30. The room was priced for $197.20 and there was an additional ~$40 resort fee that was charged. So upon booking the RESERVATION TOTAL WAS $301.82 and the amount I paid online was $223.59 leaving the estimated balance due upon check in left at $78.23. ACCORDING TO YOUR POLICY YOU GUYS ALLOW CHECK IN AT 3PM AND NO EARLIER. However, I got out of work around 9:00 PM on June 28 in California and did not make it to Vegas Aria Hotel until 3:00 AM on June 29th (WHICH IS 12 HOURS AFTER THE ROOM WAS SUPPOSEDLY ALREADY PREPPED FOR CHECK IN). Before arrival (around 10:00 PM) I called the hotel and spoke with one of the staff asking them if they were able to remove the 3rd additional person from the pricing because they were unable to make it that night. The person to whom I spoke with said of course and that it was not a problem and they will remove the $30 additional charged. So at this point instead of paying ~$300 it should have dropped to ~$270. So after a long and exhausting drive we finally arrived at Aria's Hotel at 3:00 AM. We parked at the self-parking for a $20 fee which was acceptable since every hotel charges now. So we took our luggage and went to the front desk and was welcomingly greeted by GUILLERMO/GULLIERMO. He reviewed all the charges and at one point I had to stop him because he hasn't dropped the 3rd person fee which slightly frustrated me because I had called in advance to get it all figured out. He spoke with his manager whose name is VICTOR (he works the night shift at the hotel) and Victor agreed to remove the $30 fee and dropped it down to $270 and was able to provide us with a late checkout of 3:00 PM the following day. So at this point I was handed the room key and as my boyfriend and I went up to the 5th floor to our room, we found out that THE CLEANING PEOPLE WERE STILL DOING ROOM SERVICE AND THE ROOM WAS NOT EVEN DONE CLEANING AND HAD ANOTHER 30 MINUTES UNTIL IT WAS DONE. At this point I WAS FURIOUS because I paid $270 for a room that was SUPPOSED TO BE READY BY 3:00 PM BUT NOW IT IS 12 HOURS AFTER CHECK IN AND THE ROOM STILL WASN'T READY!!!! WHAT THE HECK IS GOING ON WITH THE HOTEL?! I came back down to Guillermo and he got a hold of Victor again and at this point Victor spoke on the phone with me & apoligize for the inconvenience that had happened however this was THE LAST BEDROOM AVAILABLE IN THE ENTIRE HOTEL (WHAT ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!!?! YOUR WEBSITE STATES THAT YOU HAVE ~4,000 ROOMS BUT APPARENTLY THERE IS ONLY ONE LEFT?!?!) and that we would have to wait. So in order to make it up to us he said that he would remove the $20 self parking fee, $40 resort fee, $30 late checkout fee and that we would pay the flat rate for the room which was 100% below the price of $200. I agreed with the deal and waited 30 minutes for the room to be ready. I only settled to waiting because he agreed to drop all the additional fees that was added. I WAS NOT GOING TO PAY $270 to have the room for less than 12 HOURS WHEN I BOOKED IT FOR A FULL 24 HOURS!!!!! (I DIDNT MAKE IT THERE UNTIL 3AM BUT IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN DONE BEFORE I EVEN GOT THERE) So we went up to the room and everything was great until the next morning when we had to checkout at 2:45 PM and the PRICE READS $197.20 PLUS TAX $26.39 WHICH EQUALS $223.59. SOOOOOOOO AT THIS POINT I WAS LIKE WAIT A MINUTE WHY THE HECK AM I PAYING ABOVE $200 WHEN MANAGER VICTOR DIRECTLY SPOKE WITH ME LAST NIGHT REMOVING ALL THE FEES AND THAT I WOULD ONLY PAY THE RATE FOR THE ROOM. I was extremely upset at this point because I spent an hour at the hotel check in last night and now I have to waste more time figuring this out?!?!?! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! I then got in line and was able to speak with SPENCER, who tried to help me out and called his manager and checked to see what was going on. However, he was unable to make any changes and was firm that the price was $223.59 and that he was unable to remove any taxes charged. Of course I was not okay with this because VICTOR directly told me he would remove all fees and only charge me the room in and of itself. I demanded to speak with a manager and instead of coming over solve the problem. She approached us with ATTITUDE. HER NAME WAS NATASHA!!!!!! She was very rude and disrespectful. What I don't understand is that it was very obvious that your hotel messed up multiple times ESPECIALLY THE FACT THAT THE ROOM WASN'T READY AT 3AM (A FULL 12 HOURS AFTER THE ALLOWED CHECK IN TIME) and yet they refused to remove a small fee.I never take the time to write reviews but I had such a bad experience at Aria I had to share. 
Customer service is the #1 most important thing to me when it comes to a hotel. And with Aria being a 5-star hotel you would think customer service would be #1 to them too. 

My group of girlfriends were here for a bachelorette party. We blocked a set of rooms and when we all checked in we all were not even on the same floor. 

We spent $1000+ on the Cabana at the pool for a day. Freddie was our attendant and he must have had a bad day when we were there because his attitude was awful. I have read a few other reviewers mention how Freddie was rude and not pleasing to us as the customer. You would think spending that kind of money on a cabana the service would be more than excellent. At the end of the day he did not even thank us for our business. I could go on about how awful Freddie was but I think you get the point. 

There was no coffee in our rooms. There was no free water. At least one complimentary bottle of water. The fridge was full of items you had to pay for. No place to store your own food. 

The room looked ran down. There was dirt in the corner of the bathroom. The carpet was dirty and it just looked like an older room. 

We ate at the Aria cafe a few times and each time it took FOREVER to get our food. And it was mediocre food. 

I will never spend another dime at Aria. They nickel and dime you for everything but it's not being ran like a 5-star resort. More like 3-stars. Take your business to Cosmopolitan.I have stayed at this place many times before and it has been wonderful. His time I noticed they have gotten cheep. Many different little things have changed since my last visit. The juice was missing at the spa. The slippers were not in the room and now you have to pay for valet parking. It's these little things that are gonna make me go to another resort next time. I'm gonna try Wynn next time.Checked in and went up to the room. It was not turned over. They gave us another room but I've been waiting almost 45 mins for a remote to turn on the tv. Had to watch the superbowl with a bunch of smokers in their casino. Disappointed throughout. Not worth the money or the resort fee. 

Go somewhere else.I just got back from staying at the Aria over the weekend.  I will start by saying that I travel for work and I am used to staying in hotels and never have any problems.  In Vegas, I have stayed at the Cosmo, MGM, Palazzo, and Venetian and had great service and experiences.  At the Aria the problems began right away.
1.  Waited in line to check in for almost an hour.  (Not the worst thing, but annoying)
2.  Get checked in at 6:30pm and head to the room to find and DIRTY ROOM with PEOPLE'S STUFF!!
3.  We had dinner reservations where we were told by the restaurant that our group would be charged if anyone was late.  I called the front desk about the dirty room and was on hold 8 minutes.
4.  Finally they answer and say we will get you another room.  No Upgrade whatsoever, but at least another room.  I asked them to send someone up to give us keys so we could get in.  It took another 30 minutes to get keys.  They did give us a $50 credit.
5.  After going out, we returned to the room late in the evening.  I was tired and pulled the covers back to find a LONG CURLY BLACK HAIR ON MY PILLOW!!  WTF.  I just threw the pillow on the floor and went to sleep.  DISGUSTING.
6.  I went downs to the front to let them know and I was polite but disappointed.  They apologized and that was it. 

For a fairly expensive hotel in Vegas, I would have expected a much higher level of cleanliness.  I will NEVER stay here again.If you are a woman of color DO NOT STAY HERE! RACIST STAFF .

It was a nightmare. My husband and I stayed at the Aria hotel for the weekend 3/24/17-3/28/17. I was stopped for my ID three times in two days. This first time two cops rolled up to myself and one of my husband's male coworkers sitting at a slot machine. Took our licenses and walked away with them typed our info into a lap top they had. Then left. The next day, I was at the Lift bar in the casino talking to People I didn't know 3 guys and a girl. Two hotel staff members pull me out of the group to again take my ID. They relay my info to someone on a radio and begin to describe what I was wearing. Not 10 minutes later, I'm now sitting at a slot machine while my husband is at a card table playing 21. A man in plain clothes (I suspect undercover security) asks me "hey are you working " I'm pissed now and scream I'm not a damn hooker! He apologizes and walks away... I told my husband what happened we complained to the manager and to the hotel security manager. Of course nothing was solved just a weak apology. Later in the evening I see hotel security escorting two black women out of the casino, I assume for soliciting I guess not sure. My husband and I are usually VDARA guests when we come every year for the Baker to Vegas relay race. And we will make damn sure we never set foot in Aria ever again, as well as tell everyone at our station and department to boycott this establishment. The hotel security never once asked me if I was a guest or for my room key. They just assumed I was a prostitute and I'm disgusted. Not to mention they take your private information and do god knows what with it. NEVER EVER AGAIN ARIAHit or miss... Just got back from a four day Las Vegas vacation at the Aria sky suites!
Beautiful hotel, bad attitude limo driver, sketchy front desk service.
Scamming marketing department- tried to overcharge me by 1000.00 a night by offering me a rare opportunity. What a joke.the check in must be a very complicated process in this world, because the aria front desk needs 20mins to finish one group of customersReservation said resort fee will be waived if I have mlife card.  I made a card long long time ago so she even insisted me to go get the card before I go check in at the hotel.  Well, when I go to front desk to check in, I had to pay resort fee.  Lady at the front desk says everybody have to pay resort fee so wrong info was given by reservation side.  
Dealers at the table does not know anything about customer service at this place..  I thought dealers needs to be nice and friendly in order for them to get some tip money.. well, I been to numbers of casinos from Foxwoods to almost every casino here in vegas as well as casinos in Asian country.  Worst dealers here at Aria!! I am still staying at aria till Saturday but will not gamble here..  first and last time staying at this shit place.

Update!!!! I got a hot tub rash on my body after using tub bath from aria.. it's a bacteria caused by contaminated bath tub... this place is not clean.. avoid using bath tub!!!!!Stayed in Aria July 3rd - July 5th.  This is a no way a five star hotel. No more than a three.
The line to check-in takes forever ... (20 minutes in our case). The moment we walked in the room, the smell of second hand smoke hit our faces, so I call front desk and said that we requested non smocking room, the response was "all of our room are not smocking room" deodorizing was offered to us, we agreed but when came back to room at night it was the same smoke all over again.  I think it's coming from the vent in the bathroom, cause the smell is so strong and doesn't go away in the toilet. We were on the 17th floor, so I don't know how the vents work. 
Walls in the bathrooms are so dirty it's pretty gross( see picture).  There was a pile of dirt left in the corner as well, feels like the dust was collected but not picked up.  Also when we came to room on the second day, the room was not made up and no clean towels.  I call the front desk again, The lady apologized and said she will put a request to bring towels in, and asked what time would we like it.  I said tomorrow morning at 6:30am, and went to sleep, thirty minutes later someone knocks on the door, I didn't feel like getting up hoping they would leave, but nope, kept on knocking, I had to get up.  It was housekeeping bringing couple of towels.  I was like "WHat is going on here?  Just not our day. The shop and restaurants choices are good though and tablet remote is a great touch. Would never stay here again and definitely will not recommend to anyone.  It's very upsetting when you think you book a five star hotel and expect everything top notch and willing to pay hard earned money for it, then experience all that hard mess. So unfair! Hope checkout will be easier tomorrow.  Oh and I forgot to mention about a notepad that was not replaced from previous guests.  There was some numbers scribbled on it. (No fun)The worst hotel I've ever stayed in!! Do not fall into their "we are going to upgrade you to 54th floor!". Worst rooms you could stay in! The electrical room is on the roof and we didn't get to sleep at all! Talked to managers and had such a hard time to cancel my reservation for the rest of the trip or even move to a different room! I would never stay there again and recommend it to anyone! I checked in Wynn after that and it's the most amazing hotel you could stay in with the nicest managers! 
Conclusion:
Stay the f away from Aaria!!0 stars for this one.  Very expensive which is understandable for such a nice resort, but being denied a 1 hour late check out after spending over $300 a night.  Couldn't even give me till noon on a Tuesday.  Strictly enforced their 11am check out.  I understand if it was a fri or sat or if I was requesting til even 1pm.  But the fact I couldn't even get a noon check out on a Tuesday, shows this resort is not very hospitable.  If you want repeat business, learn to treat you customers better.The Aria is a nice, glitzy hotel that appears to cater to a younger clientele.  We stayed there for the first time this past weekend.  The first thing I noticed after parking in the self-park and taking the elevator down was whether to push the first floor button or the second floor--which was labeled "casino".  I think it would be better to label it "hotel lobby/casino" instead to avoid confusion.  Check-in was fine--I used mobile check-in.  The room was comfortable and well-furnished.

I played video poker at the Lift Bar the first evening.  I am a platinum level player in M Life and play $1 or more video poker.  I asked the barman apprentice for a martini and after 2 sips I was told by his supervisor that martinis can't be comped.  they could however, give me a vodka on the rocks which probably has the same amount of alcohol.  This is ridiculously short-sighted on MGM Mirage's part.  Local places comp martinis and this behemoth can't?  They are sure raking in the dough since they have been charging for parking.  This absurd policy is reason enough why I will not play at Aria any longer.  

Regarding the positives, the housekeeping service was outstanding and the food at Lemongrass  was excellent.  The room service was timely and the food was superb. I had the crab Benedict one day and it was sublime.  

In short, I would probably stay at the Aria only if I was comped a room.Don't stay in this hotel. The service is bad. I asked a cup of hot water, and I wait for more than one hour to get the water. And the water costs 5 dollar. If you ask for the boiler, they charge you 25 dollar. This is the most unreasonable hotel I have ever stayed.Marketed as a 5-star property, the ARIA Resort & Casino doesn't live up to the hype. I am a frequent traveler and have stayed and many 4-star and 5-star hotels and know what I should expect, and what is considered acceptable. The room had busted, dangling drawer handles in the bathroom, multiple dead lightbulbs, a bathtub lined with soap scum and the staff wanted to charge me $30 for plastic utensils I forgot to grab with my takeout. The wifi didn't work for one of the days I was there and they offered no reduction on the resort fee or other means to make me feel like I wasn't just one of their 4000 guests that shuffled through. They certainly don't go above and beyond like the Wynn Hotel did when I stayed there the next week. This hotel felt no different than a W Hotel or other average modern-inspired chain hotel.I give them 2 stars they decor is nice the staff are friendly lovely hotel but our room Was not cleaned well found some pills in the drawer of the bathroom  the TV in the bathroom did not work and kept coming on and off and they never came to even clean our room on Nye we also ordered room service and it came hours later after we had left and came back they didn't even clean up the old dinner they just left the cart with the food on it .2.5 stars

This hotel is huge so take some time to familiarize yourself with where everything is, otherwise you'll be walking in circles.  While the hotel itself is very modern and chic I have to say that I expected more. The first thing that irked me was the sign by the personal fridge that said that there were sensors inside the fridge and that if anything was removed for longer than 60 seconds it would be added to the bill.  Really?  For the amount of money they charge for a room I don't know why they would think that such precautions are necessary... then again this is Vegas.  You also can't bring any snacks from outside to fit in the fridge so don't buy anything to eat for later that needs to be refrigerated Oh, and $8.75 for a bottle of water.  Unfortunately we had to go across the street to the shops and stock up so that we wouldn't end up spending $100 on water by the end of day 2.  Water pressure in the shower was nonexistant and the temperature was lukewarm at best, and no free coffee. :(  Wifi was free which was a pleasant surprise considering they charged for everything else...

Checkout is supposed to be seamless - in fact, you can just email them to let them know your room number and that you are checking out and you are done.  However, I'd advise to look over your bill before checkout - my friend realized that some random person had tried charging a meal to her room from a restaurant within Aria the night before she left. She had to wait in the long checkout line but it was taken off her bill without an issue.Definitely a disappointment. I've been to Vegas many times and stayed at various hotels. Since Aria seemed to have a good reputation I figured it was worth a try. Talk about a mistake:

1. Room was $1300 for 3 nights so I expected something *sort of* nice?
2. The room was on the 5th floor with a garage/roof view. 
3. Furnishings were very similar to a mid-range Marriott hotel. 
4. No fridge for your water or beer. 
5. No complimentary water available. 
6. Ice maker doesn't work. 
7. Front desk refused to move the room even if I paid more just to not stare at a garage roof. 
8. People yelling next door was made worse since we were put in a room with a connecting door. 
9. Pools close super early. You are not permitted after 6pm. 
10. Casino was ok--poorly designed layout though. Definitely worth a walk to any of the better known ones. 

Unfortunately I just checked in today, but when I check out it will certainly be for the last time. 

Check out reviews for Bellagio or Venetian. Especially if it's your first time, you'll have a better experience.Horrible service.. waited to check in because of their "conversion" time for reservations.. then lost our reservation when we tried to check in... then we get get our car and they ask for our ID and registration for the car, WTF horrible service! Never coming back, ever. There was also a poor family of 10 waiting because they lost their reservation as well, bull!I don't understand how this is a Five Star resort.  

Out of a six night stay, I can't identify one person who provided anything that resembled good service.  Wait times were long everywhere - daytime or night - and we regularly had to wave down staff for assistance during any meal that didn't involve us ordering at a counter.  

Our room had peeling wallpaper, gunk stuck above the shower, and hair from a previous stay on the floor.  And, Mobile Check In, that promises to help you skip the line, doesn't work. 

On our fifth day, I became violently ill - ultimately, I found out I had contracted norovirus at some point during my stay - and couldn't get a manager on the line to take a report about potential food poisoning.  Despite speaking with the Front Desk, speaking with Room Service when I had to order soup, and after leaving a voice message for an admin in the F&B department, I only received an email response three weeks later from Guest Services after I completed their "How Was My Stay" questionnaire.  I was instructed to call Security to file a report and, when I asked for someone to call me, to make sure they actually had time to speak with me, I was told "A member of their team will call you directly to discuss in detail all of your concerns".  That was almost seven weeks ago.

Never.  Never, again. Avoid this place at all costs.  There are several other suitable places to stay on the strip.This is the picture of sheet after we checked in. It's disgusting, they didn't even change the sheets. We paid for a 5 star hotel, but it does not even deserve 1 star.We valet parked as we always do and had dinner at Herringbone.  Went back to retrieve our car and learned that Aria now charges for valet.  We paid $13 for 1.5 hours.  The valet desk stated they started this 4 mos ago.  

No where in LV do you pay for valet parking.  To think that Aria needs to charge for parking is absurd.  Go make your money elsewhere.  Bad idea, Aria.Ok going to explain the 1 star. Yes the Hotel is beautiful The overall customer service SUCKS.   When i Checked in I am a Gold card MLIFE member  It is supposed to get you a complimentary upgrade in 3 years and 7 trips I have never gotten an upgrade. Speaking to the young lady at the desk whose name i forgot I ask her about the upgrade and I get told no there is nothing I can do about that. I ask in the very least Can I get a late check out cause my flight is going to be a red eye and a late check out would be appreciated and I get told no sorry there is nothing I can do. The next morning I went downstairs and spoke to the only sensible person in that hotel the Hotel manager Alex who as far as I am concerned get's 10 stars. Alex upgraded me to a Corner Suite. However the toilet bowl clogged up 2x on me. Now overall I go to Vegas to play poker Every year it is the same damn problem in this hotel when the WSOP is in town the list for any poker game is 50 or 60 deep you would think these F***** Idiots would have solved this by now but no as a guest I had to wait 3 hours to get in a game and when I complained again the names are forgotten I was told I can go someplace else to play. I purchased a few bottles of water I played during the week at least over 10 hours at aria and a few at other MGM properties. I could not get a simple bottle of water COMPED I keep getting told ohh we can give you points but you can't pay with your MLIFE card Finally the torture ended my last day I decide to go to Aria cafe for breakfast I decide that whatever I got on my poker playing I would use for my breakfast and bear in mind I have been  getting my card swiped at every mgm property every purchase i make plus playing poker plus slots and a few table games for a week. come to find out there is only $2 on my card. I go to the MGM life desk and ask to speak to a supervisor and he informs me I have to get the comps before time directly from the poker room there are 8 MGM resorts and you can use your card but not one of them is connected with the other when it comes to points and I was also told by the JERK OFF supervisor I don't have to stay at an MGM resort and I can go elsewhere if I didn't like it. Well I am officially done with MGM I will never be back to Aria unless they offer me a sky suite for free for a week of my choice. Oh and 1 more thing I made a phone call back home cause my cell phone was in a dead zone in the room $34 no notice that long distance charges apply on the phone. NEVER AGAIN ANY MGM PROPERTYThis used to be my go-to place in Vegas... it IS beautiful & I love the rooms.  Bathrooms and beds are wonderful. However, I've just had too many problems with the staff there to book again.  
I stayed there once last year & got a smoking charge to my room.  I didn't smoke in my room.  I didn't vape in my room.  I can say it was the worst room I've ever had there - it didn't smell good at all when we got there & I'm sure it's one of the old smoking rooms.  The view was right over the casino roof - so ugly.  Anyway, the only thing I can think that may have caused this is that we phoned down to ask for more TP in the room & for cleaning- we had only been left 1/2 a roll & by day two we were out.  We went down to the pool to hang out while they cleaned, but unfortunately, it was summer & it was PACKED.  You couldn't find a spot to squeeze in the pool anywhere - way too many bodies.  So, we headed back in the casino to try to waste some time gambling while we waited for the room to be serviced.  I had a cigarette at the bar down there.  We then proceeded back up only to find that they still hadn't cleaned the room.  The guy comes then - we tell them nevermind on the cleaning, but that we need some toilet paper.  He comes into the room - & as I had just come up from having a smoke in the casino, I'm guessing he smelled it on me?  At any rate, we were charged their fee for that despite not having done anything in the room.  I called to protest this only to be told that "the housekeeping management had confirmed this and I would have to take it up with my credit card company".  
I'm not sure how the housekeeping staff confirmed this... but I did take it up with my credit card.  They removed the fee almost immediately at that point.
So, I still decide to give them another chance when a good deal came along in my emails... I book a trip, but we had other plans come up.  I call to cancel the reservation about two months prior to the date & don't think much of it after that.  The day before the trip was to be, I get an email about my upcoming stay at the Aria.  I immediately call to fix the situation.  I have to talk to the "VIP" desk as my reservation is through them.  They ask me who I spoke with - I told them I didn't know the woman's name, but it was definitely someone at the "VIP" desk.  The man tells me that since it's within 72 hours, there would be a charge.  I explain that I canceled the room months before.  He tells me - as if he's doing me a favor - that he will not charge me, but that in the future I should get the person's name & request a confirmation be sent.  He tells me that I handled it wrong - not an apology for his staff not handling it incorrectly & the inconvenience that put on me!  RIDICULOUSLY BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!!   
So, although I've had many great stays there & lots of memories & affection for the place - I cannot stay there again.  Jerks. Do they not realize there's a lot of other places to stay in town?They charge $35 for a resort fee but that does not include anything to charge your phone. You want to charge your phone? That's an additional $8. Oh and they won't bring it to your room. You have to come down and get it. And return the charger...by 9pm or they charge you another $8. I needed a charger at 8:00pm and they said once the clock strikes 9pm they are charging me another $8. Total joke 

Issue #2. I called ahead of time to ask if they had a heavy bag at the gym. They said yes and that they also provided gloves. Pretty awesome right? No. Once I got to the gym they wouldn't let me touch the heavy bag unless I signed up for one of their silly cardio kick boxing classes...naturally this was an additional fee not covered in the resort fee. So yeah they tell you they have a heavy bag but you can't use it unless you pay even more than the additional $35 resort fee.Beautiful hotel and casino. But...the parking is a joke. Each time we left there were issues with our hotel key getting us out. If you're going to rip your customers off for parking at least have your booths working correctly. Every time we were told to see the front desk to have the issue fixed and surprise it just kept happening. NOBODY wants to wait in line for a busted key to get fixed which we're paying extra for. It makes me want to stay way. Left a bad taste in my mouth.Went to Aria tonight to watch olympics at the sports book, all TVs were off and was told by the cashier they were closed. I asked why they weren't showing the olympics...they told me the olympics were over for today...this was 9:15 SMH ... Missed Bolt winning the gold again, what a joke...hey Aria!! Get a clue sports betting is bigger business than your crappy roulette tables. Big miss tonight, thanks for nothing. Never again, if you want to bet on sports try any of the other casinos in Vegas, this one is terrible.Nice hotel, however some of the worst service I've experienced in Las Vegas. Very disappointing concierge, dealers, bartenders, etc. Service doesn't match aesthetics.Do yourself a favor and stay elsewhere. We were here last year for a conference, same thing again this year and boy...the standards have dropped! 
Dirty mirrors, filthy and dusty night stands, pages missing in the welcome book, notepads weren't replaced from the guests before and room charges from the mini bar while we couldn't even open the bar due to the tablet freezing up constantly! 
But I must add that everyone was always nice and the restaurants in the Hotel are pretty good.Can't believe they charge 18 dollars parking fee for half hour valet parking! Don't want to go any MGM property!The casino is very dark. You feel claustrophobic. Also the smell of cigarette smoke is horrible. Especially compared to other hotels on the Las Vegas strip such as Wynn and Encore. The lines at the bell desk and check out desk were very long. By the pool the service was subpar. We had to wait a long time and we were ignored many times just to get drinks. Some parts of the hotel are pretty indeed and it's nice to see maybe with a walk-through. We will likely not be staying here again.This place was amazing to stay at. My wife and I had the opportunity to visit the spa there as well the service was incredible could not have asked for more. 

The problem was not with the guest amenities at all from the bars, the gambling, and the staff. 

Upon checking out of my room I noticed an additional charge on my debit card of $1851 due to a system error on their end. I called to fix the problem they assured me they would refund the over charged amount. They did do that but now I do not have access to $1851 in my account because it takes 5 business days to get a refund.

They handled the problem fast once I noticed but they offered me no compensation at all which is crazy. The way I look at it is the bank doesn't let me take money for free especially with out asking so why should they get to take free money from me.

Again this is super unfortunate because my time at Aria was amazing. The first thing I did when I got home was to figure out how I can get back there in a couple months since I'm only in SoCal so it's really close.Nice clean room, once I was finally inside. Upon entering my first room after check in, I found an unexpected guest lounging on the bed. I used the courtesy phone to call the front desk and they sent me to another room. After dropping off my luggage I went to eat, but when I returned to my room, the key that worked previously no longer worked. This time around I had to wait in the hallway for over half an hour, and didn't even receive an apology. At that point I had spent more time in the hallways than I had planned, and ran out of time to get ready for an event. When I called downstairs to let a manager know how my stay was going (since nobody seemed to care), he offered me spa access with NO services. Ummm, thanks? I was pretty annoyed and plan to avoid the Aria going forward. I had such high hopes, but the customer service continued to disappoint me through the rest of my stay.This is the last time I'm staying at Aria. I've stayed there 3 times before and it was okay, but this time it was horrible -  HORRIBLE! The customer service was atrocious, especially when you pay over $600/night/room. We had to wait over 3 hours for room service when we tried to order breakfast - seriously? Naturally, we canceled.
The rooms are also tiny, and the lady at the front desk apparently "upgraded" me but the room was exactly the same only I paid $25 extra/day.
Save your money and stay elsewhere.Worst possible experience! The line at the check in is literally a mile long and they even have 2 concierge types walking up and down the line that does nothing to make it any more rapid!! We arrived at 11.45am to be told we would receive a text within an hour for our room. It is almost 4.40pm and still no room. So we get back in the never-ending line, along with many other disgruntled guests with the same issue. Only to be told there are still no rooms!!!!!! They don't offer free drinks, buffet, room upgrade, NOTHING!! Not even an apology. I cannot believe this is supposed to be a first class Vegas resort. I won't be chancing it at the casinos tonight. Not feeling lucky. Aria blows. 

Updated. We checked into the room at 4.55pm and not one message or call from management to apologize. Ironically 10 minutes after we were in our room, we received the infamous text that our room was ready. It really disappointed me that the customer service was lacking here. Everything is just too slow here at this resort. The wait service in the bars, getting your room, housekeeping, getting a drink at the pool, everything just takes too long. This is Vegas! It's supposed to be lightning quick to get you rolling! It's a bummer to spend this kind of money and not get 5 star treatment.I'm not normally an Aria kind of guy (more Harrah's, truth be told), but I stayed there for my 50th in a penthouse suite and thought it was amazing. I rebooked for my honeymoon recently and it was an entirely different experience. The room, to put it bluntly, sucked. Not in the "ooh, they didn't fluff the pillows the way I like" way-- more in the, "oh shit, their tub doesn't seal and now we've flooded the bathroom which is compounded by the room is freezing and we can't heat it" way. They gave us a room change the next day and a nominal room credit, but they weren't appalled or anything. I suspect they've seen this before. And, not to belabor the point, but this was our frikkin' honeymoon, for which there are no do-over.Who is running the show here???
Went to the Buffet for Father's Day Brunch. 

The food is at least 4th best in town. (the M, Cosmopolitan, and Bellagio buffets are all better) 

But the service was just horrible, 45 minutes to get a refill of Coke?!? (My friend took her glass to the wait station herself, twice.) Dirty plates on the table for the same amount of time.

The bathrooms were filthy too.

And, then we go to leave and it takes the 3rd parking card "toll" machine to actually take my money.

It appears that whoever is running things doesn't care if I ever come back, or spend any money at their "resort".No rush in sky suites to get rooms ready. You pay top dollar and they act like no guest leave to catch early flight. Get more housekeeping to get guest in there rooms. Ridiculously slow. Waiting and waiting 
Got here at 10:30 am it's 3 hours later.  Aria  will never be a Wynn standards.$45 RESORT FEE. This is just extortion and added per night to your bill. If this is not rubbery I don't know what is. We come to vegas once every few months from San Diego and thought to stay over a night. Didn't mind all the expanses or even losing money. But getting robbed by the hotel really left a fowl taste. Will never come back and be recommending to be avoided to colleges, costumers, and who might want to take note.I had requested on check-in to have a room with two beds and was never told that that would not be possible. When we arrived up to the room, there was only one bed. I called down to the front to see about changing rooms. Evidently, no rooms with two beds were available, but rather than letting me know that right away and apologizing for the inconvenience, the person I spoke with was somewhat rude. First, he addressed me curtly with the following: "I hear you're not happy with your room. What's wrong with it?" When I explained, he said, "Well you booked through a third party so we always give you the cheapest possible room. That's what you got." Only after repeating that requests like this had been honored at other hotels under similar circumstances did he offer to send up a rollaway or transfer us for the second night of our stay. Neither of these alternatives were preferable to my sister and I just sharing a bed, and I told him so. Honestly, just being a little more polite and explaining that the hotel was fully booked straightaway would have prevented me feeling like I was a "problem guest". I likely won't stay here again because, with the costs associated with booking a 5-star hotel, I really just expect to be treated a lot better than as if I'm a total nuisance. Based on my experience with that one service experience, I would never recommend this hotel to a friend. I visit Vegas twice a year, and I've had exponentially better service from every other hotel I've stayed with (Caesar's Palace, Flamingo, Tropicana, and Palazzo). I will book with them in the future.

----- Re: Response from Aria team -----

Again, I was not mad because I didn't receive my requested room "upgrade".  I understand that the hotel was full -- there is nothing anyone could have done about that. I was unhappy because I was treated rudely, as if my request made me a nuisance. I was treated like a second class guest, and based on statements made by the person I spoke to, it was because I booked through Priceline. If Aria doesn't want Priceline guests in their hotel, then they should not allow booking through that site. A little politeness would have gone a long way to making this whole encounter a non-issue. Again, I will book elsewhere in the future, and I will recommend my friends do the same.Third time in a row I have checked in to find they don't have the room I reserved and have downgraded me. I spend 120-200 nights a year in hotel rooms, year after year, and this is about the worst service I have seen. Give a second star because at least the property is clean. Don't care if I ever return at this point.Left iPhone charger in the room. Came back 30 min later, its gone. Lost and found don't have it. Little thing, but feels bad. Never will stay in this hotel again.Aria is a nice hotel, with no warmth and no apparent customer service.

I stayed at Aria the weekend of May 12-14, 2017 and it was a slow weekend by Vegas standards with no conventions happening. I had paid full retail price ($200+ per weekend night) for a room for 2 nights, and the hotel was beautiful, large place, with good restaurants and interesting pool area.

Now for the not-so-impressive-stuff, and the reason I will not be returning: We waited 20 minutes in a 30-person line for a buffet breakfast, with literally 1/2 the restaurant tables open. No excuses, but dismissive "please wait sir" responses - unacceptable. The drink service at the pool, took 30 minutes to come around after flagging them down, then walking over to them ("please return to your chair sir, I'll be right there"), and then took another 30 minutes to *bring* the drinks. The safe in the room broke (error 90, wouldn't lock back up) - I got a "please wait in your room sir" and then waited over an hour for the service guy to come and slap a new door on the safe in 5 minutes. We had two other restaurant experiences where the service was way below what I would expect (slow to initial hello, slow to follow-up order taking, no coffee or water until main was served, and one of the waitresses rolled her eyes when I asked about the side for my order).

The final straw was asking for late checkout: When booking, I asked. Was told, "please ask the staff when you check in". When checking in, I asked. Was told, "please call us after 5am the day of checkout". I called, was told "we don't have any available rooms, but we could make an exception for you, for $70". I was livid. Literally every other hotel chain I have ever visited has the ability to let someone with a late flight check out later in the day without additional cost (11am checkout by policy - I had a midnight flight). It is a simple matter of a changing the cleaning crew schedule so they come back to that room a bit later - they have plenty of other rooms to clean, they work on this all day. But Aria front desk manager Mark insisted that I would pay $70 for the privilege of taking an afternoon shower and leaving my stuff in the room for another 3-4 hours - he was firm and polite, but no warmth, no reason given, no smile, no apology - just stonewalled me like I was a bum off the street and not someone who just poured over $1,000 into his hotel the last 2 days, in room charges, food, drinks, and shopping.

As a business man, I understand the value of sticking to your rules and policies. As a customer, I can't imagine coming back to a place that provided the experience I had at Aria.Not a fan at check in treated like shit ! Only day one hope it gets better.
Day 2 went speak to manager about how we were treated at checked in. He apologized (lmao) and said some lame excuse. He said he would credit us $60 , O boy ! He asked if there's anything else he could do for us I said yes we need to make a reservation at the Mexican restaurant tonight for 10 people he said no problem he will handle that. Needless to say when we got to the restaurant at 7 PM no reservation made.  
Day 3 played golf outside hotel returned at 430pm And housekeeping just getting to my room I left the room at 9am ! 
Well this is my review , customer service does not exist anymore and especially in this hotel. I took my office staff away to vegas because we had a good year. 
$20000 plus eating at every restaurant here and gambling here at the  Aria. 
Won't be coming back , bring back the mod , corp America can not run vegas absolutely no customer service left in this town.Do not stay in this hotel. Absurdly rude staff. Our room had mechanical issues. First the jacuzzi would not come on, then it would come on by itself and not be able to be turned off. The latter is rather annoying when you're trying to sleep. Lights couldn't be turned off because they used LED bulbs that were incorrect for the dimmer switches they had. This also makes it hard to sleep. This problem affected many other lights in the suite.

Worst part about it was the attitude of the staff. Unbelievably bad. Engineering essentially told me I wasn't using the dimmer switch correctly. And that is what the issue was. Front desk, "managers," the lot. Best offer was to downgrade the room for the same price.I've been to many Las Vegas hotels, however never experienced such a dirty bed in this supposedly 5-star hotel!  Bed sheets were full of hairs from previous visitor. I could not reach front desk or house keeping staff for hours. Housekeeping did not come next day even with email sent to guest relations about this incident. Obviously management lacks customer service and attention to details. Someone from guest services emailed me back apologizing for the incident and offered $75 in dining and food, however they did not even honor this. Overall it was most ridiculous and disappointing experience as I have never ever experienced this before.  I have another conference coming up in Vegas soon and would never stay at this place even if they give me money to stay here.I stayed there 2 nights goshshshshs I don't like this place 1st of all didn't like the room , when I was reserving the room I requested the good view but it was sucks 2. I thought room decoration wasn't nice 3. Don't even go to their buffet worssttt ever, chubby lady was trying serve steak area she was like giving a food for dog , I just stayed out of hotel and enjoyed my short trip I would never go back there againI booked the Aria for a stay this past weekend, and was not happy specifically with how the hotel manages patrons who booked through the luxury hotel collection (LHC), for Chase sapphire reserve cardholders.

Upon check-in, the person helping me wasn't immediately that I had booked through the LHC website, and I had to remind them about it.  I was told that I indeed do get a late check-out (4pm), and was entitled to $100 resort food and beverage credit.

Fast forward to the day of check-out, it's 2:30pm, and room staff key-in to my room door without knocking first, and I am naked from the waist down, forcing me to uncomfortably run around behind my bed for decency and yell out that I am dressing.  At 3:30pm, I am packing and getting ready for check out, and again staff knocks and enters.  This is very frustrating since it seems no one is aware that I have a late check-out.

At the check-out desk, I decided to physically check-out in person since I had a feeling I was going to be charged for the food and beverage credit that is supposed to be removed if they were charged to my room.  Lo and behold, I had to remind them about the credits after I was going be charged for them.  Also, I had to remind them about the late check out just in case they forgot about that.The worst hotel on the strip. Came up for my birthday was promised "invited guest" check-in and high floor , received 2-hour check-in line and 14th floor out of 50+. 

Wife was harassed at pool by Freddie as he proceeded to physically assault her by shutting the pool umbrella on her head , resulting in her 20 dollar "dry" strawberry daiquiri to spill all over herself. Freddie the big Samoan guy laughed and told us to get up and move because the chair was reserved although no signage was posted nor was anyone sitting anywhere in the vicinity. 

Couldn't even play blackjack last night because Tommy the dealer demanded our identification to sit down before he even said hello. Acted like a cop not a host. No apologies from anyone. 

This morning we ordered room service and ended up finding shards of glass in our scrambled eggs which was littered on the tablecloth that my wife cut her hand on and required medical attention. 

Will never stay here again.  

Found glass in our breakfast.Just went to Vegas and stayed at the Aria for a second time.  My first visit was in 2014 and it was great.  This visit left so much to be desired.  
First I requested a room block of about 10 rooms. We had about 15 people total coming to celebrate with us. I didn't request rooms on the same floor which I will say is my fault.  However I thought they would be on the same floor at least.  We were all scattered throughout the hotel.  Why request a room block if they don't at least put you on the same floor?  The rooms were ok, but no water or coffee in the room.  Which is odd for a hotel in Vegas.  As the primary guest we were told in an email we would have a strip view.  That was a joke, we did see other hotels on the strip but not a strip view was what we were given.
What prompted me to write this review was the service we had that pool.  We reserved a cabana weeks in advance $600 for the day.  When we arrived our cabana I meet the person that would be helping us that day.   As the day passed he got ruder and less helpful.  Not sure if they need to have more people help or what.  One of us asked for a recommendation on a beer, his reply was "he didn't know our taste buds", he checked on us a few times when we were able to flag him down.  At the end of the day when were we given our bill he was cold and didn't thank us for coming or asked if we had a good time.  We were nice and didn't ask for anything beyond a few drinks and food orders.  For $600 fee, and over $400 spent in food/ drink with an 18% gratuity we were expecting a little kinder and better service.  (also you are not allowed to bring your own food or beverages.  The food list is limited and prepackages no substitutes for allergies/food restrictions).
Lastly a smaller group of us ate at Jean George and again we had a less than friendly waiter.  It was a few things that all added up and I think we all decided to not stay at the Aria again next time we visit Vegas.Avoid Aria if possible. I am still sitting in an 80 degree room after Aria dropped the ball on fixing the AC. The AC fan buzzed all night the first night, and quit working the next day. I called for maintenance at 7PM after arriving back to the room and they said someone would be up to fix it. I left the room and expected it to be fixed when I got back; however, the room was as hot as I left it, and no one had been by to fix the problem. 

I call the front desk again and tell them someone should've been by at 7PM, now it's 11PM and they are going to make a customer wait while they send a technician to fix their faulty system. No apologies from the front desk person, and no offers to change the room except to a 6th floor room which has a worse view, no compensation offered at all. 

Checking in was also terrible. They have an awkward system of sending you a QR code to pick up your keys, but no way of using it after a certain time, in effect making you wait 15 minutes in a long line just to check in. The email also tells you not to bother checking in unless checked in online. 

I won't be staying here again, will be sticking with Wynn where their customer service a lot better. Even a 2 star Motel has better check in and customer service than Aria does. It is evident that the front desk robots do not care, and it shows.

Finally at 12:30AM the fan is fixed. Thank you to the maintenance technician, the room is finally cool.

CHECK OUT: Upon reviewing the mobile check out bill, we were charged for some cashews we did not eat for $17. Waited 10 minutes at the long check out line, and front desk person Deborah asked how the stay was. Told her about my terrible first couple of nights and she offered to take off one day of resort fee. I asked if that was all she could do, and after some typing she took off two days worth of resort fees which was around $70. Overall, it was better than nothing, but certainly not enough to earn back my patronage.Worst experience ever at a Las Vegas hotel. Came back to our room around midnight to find the tv not working. Called housekeeping said their engineer would be working on it remotely and it will be fixed. Called back 3 times within an hour and half, still they said the same thing, spoke to front desk with little avail. Finally fell asleep, woke up at 6, still no tv. Called again, tech came up said the computer was blown, he left to find out if our room can be changed and he said he would call back in 10 mins. Now been 40 mins, still waiting and all that was offered for our inconvenience was a $100 food and beverage credit! Very poor service and management. I will never stay here again.When we checked out, the fifty dollar comp they gave us for the inconvenience of the midnight wake ups, which could be used toward "anything but the casino" was almost refused to be applied to our bill. People, save yourself the headache. Go elsewhere.My wife and I had stayed at your hotel this last Sunday and Monday. On Monday while waiting for a cab one of your "cab captains" extremely upset my wife and myself with how he was addressing all of the cab drivers. He was screaming and yelling at them cursing at the top of his lungs, and cursing obscenities at these drivers trying to help your customers. I asked another employee of yours what his name was and I was able to confirm later that it was Tommy Haynes. Haynes then top it all off began asking cab drivers if they were "retarded" which brought my wife and myself into a fit of rage because we have a mentally challenged daughter of our own. We frequently stay cation here in Las Vegas so we don't have to inconvenience our daughter when we go to have our weekly date.Compensation from your company for these transgressions that occurred this weekend are in order if not I'll be sure that the thousands of clients that my company handles business for every month will be steering clear of the aria resort.Beware: aria's published marketing deals are a fraud. When presented to the front desk, they were the most uncooperative customer service people I've ever dealt with. You have a list of dozens of hotels on the strip to stay, put this one last!They lied to us about the bills and their house keeping had stolen some very expensive food from our room and lied about it.This past weekend was the first time I stayed at the Aria and sadly I did not experience the outstanding service I was led to expect. I booked two adjoining rooms with strip views for a bachelorette weekend. Multiple items were not up to par and left a bad taste in my mouth that spoil the possibility of future stays. 

I was sent a special gift of chocolate covered strawberries from a third party vendor. My fiance was assured that they would get delivered to me. The strawberries should have been delivered on Friday when I checked in. I never received them to my room even after three different calls assuring both my fiance and I that they were available to be delivered. The vendors are not to blame because these items were delivered to the hotel but though your concierge desk as well as room service communication breakdown the gift was somehow suspended in a limbo. 

One of my guests spent thirty minutes trying to get into the room when she arrived on Friday evening. Despite the fact that I left her name at the desk her room key needed to be reissued and she was told over the phone that a security guard would escort her to the desk and no one ever came for her and she went back down and up alone. 

On Saturday we had to call three different instances to request service because no one came to tidy up our room. We had to take out our own trash and place it in the hallway. I noticed chips crushed into the hallway carpet close to our rooms that stayed there for several hours. 

On Sunday morning we were awaken by the cleaning service at 9 AM even though we had our privacy light on. Check out was not until 11 and the knocking was very loud and disrupting to one of my guests in particular. 

Needless to say one or perhaps two of these incidents would be understandable but for a hotel that claims to be the "ultimate luxury Las Vegas hotel and casino" it certainly does not live up to the hype. I have actually never experienced such short comings at any other MGM property in Las Vegas and this is the first time I have written a bad review of a hotel.Do not stay here, this place really sucks lately.

We arrived late in the evening, and it took it them forever to check us in. 

Then they try to give me an accessible room and I told them they should save a handicapped accessible room for someone that lacks access and I want a regular room.

MGM is obnoxious and charges $18 for overnight parking in a town where for 40 years it's never cost anything to park.

In addition they charge me a $35 Resort fee.

Do not stay at Aria or any MGM propertyChecked in and started to inspect my sheets, the linens on the bed had eye makeup, hair, holes and PUBES from the previous occupant. I called the front desk to get it sorted and Jessica and Liz (her manager) were of NO help. In fact, Liz was down right rude. Taking an attitude as if *I* did something wrong. Had to wait over 30+ minutes (still waiting) to get the linens changed. When asked to move to a different room (King bed, non-smoking), I was told there was NONE available. However, when looking online, you could still book a King sized bed for the same nights that I have booked! Liz and Jessica either need to rethink their positions in hospitality, or be retrained. I will NEVER stay at the Aria again.What a horrible experience so far...

This long awaited vacation ruined because of Aria's poor customer service and mishandling of its issues. I can't sleep right now just thinking about it and we have one more night here. Argh!

Feb. 11 we checked in around 1230PM & was greeted by a pleasant Jennifer at the front desk, all was great & fine until we got into our room. The TV was not working, the screen was a flashing sign 'No Cable Connected', called the front desk and was told they've had this issue 3 days ago and are still trying to resolve it. First of all, we enjoy hanging out in our room watching TV, we rest while watching TV, we get ready while watching TV, and we watch TV to fall asleep. TV is vital for us! You expect a functioning TV in any hotel especially in a five star hotel like Aria. Added to the problem is, you can't even turn it off, the flashing sign will light up the room all night. So we tried calling the front desk again around 540PM through the operator, it kept dropping our call 3x before finally getting hold of someone. We requested if we can at least get the TV turned off and that it was unacceptable to have the light on all night, it's disruptive for us, front desk said they will send someone RIGHT AWAY to fix the problem. 645PM came and no one came. Found out from the other guests, they have a working TV. We went downstairs to follow-up and maybe request to switch rooms. Spoke to a manager named Mike, he explained that they can switch rooms but they don't know which rooms have working TVs, so we might get another room with the same problem. He also explained what's been going on and that they've been backed up for days fixing this issue, he then wrote our room #, I don't know what good that would do, and suggested some guests would just cover the TV with a towel. Ha!

Mind you this whole ordeal we never got a sincere apology for this inconvenience from any of them. When we checked in, it would be nice to have been given a heads up of the technical issue they were experiencing. It was WRONG for the front desk to imply and set expectation that they were sending someone to fix the problem right away. We were practically waiting for no one. Should I believe Mike? I lost my faith in Aria, it's 12 midnight right now, no TV, no apology!

Today Feb. 12, we plan to be away from
this hotel as much as possible until we leave tomorrow. And we're staying here is what makes it so sad! I want my weekend back, Aria!Stay 2 nights at this hotel. Ask for hot water at 10pm for kids. They cannot bring it( it takes them 1 hour to get hot water to our room). They suggest me to go to any bar, and it should be free. When I find the bar next to casino, they only can give a small cup for free. If I want to get more, they said I need to buy a hot tea so they can give me more hot water( I only need about 100ml more for my kid) ..... I paid for hot tea to get this 100ml... I feel so sad for the service... really not family friendly hotel. I will share this to my friends and family, too.. Never come to Aria...I'm still at the hotel. I have been here for less than 24 hours. We are on our second room so far.  Our first room didn't have adequate air conditioning and the bed had such impressions in it, we couldn't sleep. My side of the bed kept rolling me out of bed. This morning we asked for a new room. We just got in. The TV does not work. I'm beyond frustrated right now. I called to have someone look at it about an hour ago. Nothing yet.Was looking forward to the luxury stay, however, the beds were lumpy and misshapen and the pillows shoddy. Even though our service light was on (one day for about 15 hours straight!) our room was only serviced three times during a 7 night stay! We had to call for TP, towels and such which took an hour to receive. The blackout curtain control kept getting stuck. The tv remote was not user friendly (no biggie, we weren't there to watch tv)  One of the closet lights was burned out and the room was hot even though the AC was set at the lowest setting of 62 (obviously something wrong with that, too).  The rest of the property is so meticulously maintained but the room itself was not given much care. We had three rooms booked for our family and all three had similar issues with the comfort of the beds as well as the lack of service. 

I will give kudos to room service/coffee delivery.  Each morning I was told 30-40 minutes however coffee was delivered within 10 or so each morning. The delivery staff - delightful!Very Dirty hotel with lots of unknown stains on the furnitures. The room is not cleaned properly giving a "Motel 6" feel when I first got here.Took over an hour to check us in.  Customer service sucks and the folks at the desk wander around talking to one another.  Good thing they are having fun, cause we're not.It's impossible to rate this place the way I really want to rate it. Had the most horrible experience ever. My bed at Luxor or Excalibur wasn't infested with bugs like the bed here at Aria. This was my second time staying here. The first time, it was wonderful so we said lets go back and we did but this time around it was the worst ever. Our room was 19118 I woke up at 430am because I felt sort of a bite then itch.  I inspect the bed and found some bugs all over the bed. I called front desk they called housekeeping they came over inspected took pictures and moved us to a different room. New room was 24042. The shower didn't drain. We reported to tower suite manager and to add insult to injury he offered to comp us $150 in drinks. Wtf!!! I said no my husband and said no we will never stay again. I'm sure they fixed the problems but that is not the reason I won't stay there again. What will keep me away is how this "manager" treated us. Insulting us with $150 in drinks,seriously, we said we don't want drinks, then saying "we'll all I'm willing to do", he could've done more but refused to.Just started charging for parking.  Here we go with the airline business plan of nickle and diming.  Be prepared for a backup line in the garage coming and going.  We used to pop over for dining here.  Five50 has good pizza, but if we're at the Cosmo it's easier now to stay there and eat at Secret Pizza which is great.  Also, the Cosmo now has its own Starbucks.aria sky suits 
you are paying tons on money and at the fron dest they are saying its okay to check out late (1pm), if you call in advance.
but in reality its not going to happen!!!!
we are totally upset with this type of customer service on this matter!!!!! 
you should have better client friendly policies!
we are not coming here next time.The worse customer service ever. They don't accommodate for any requests as we asked. They only say that "we are too busy" when you ask for something. I booked two rooms for 4 nights and asked for having those two rooms at the same level when I booked the hotel 2 months before the date of check in, but when we arrived they said we don't have two rooms available at the same level and the guy gave us 5th and 10th floor promising that the next day they will move us to the same level.  The next day the lady at front desk said that they are so busy thats why they removed our request:/// this was only one example. Not going to Aria anymore.Straight up this hotel staff is the most disrespectful people I have ever met. Had a confirmation number and spent 30 minutes waiting at the desk to be told I couldn't be checked into due to an error in there system. Ruined my entire day and I will never be back to a M life resort again. It truly shows that they are the first rate low rollers that they are the first place to start charging for parking on the strip. Spent hours trying to get situation resolved and was told we could send in a letter and hope for a resolution I would seriously not stay at any M resort again. The first time I did at Mandalay bay the shower flooded and the fire alarm went off constantly. Instead of helping and taking something off our bill they added extra resort fees. I'm also sending this letter to m life so they can at least know what a bottom rate organization they work with. Disrespect your customers and it you won't make it forever in this city!I stay here one night in a deluxe queen bed room with strip view, If this hotel is 5 stars, I guess just because the fee is 5 stars expensive! 

1. When I step in my room, I saw a blue feather next to one bed. Let me feel not comfortable, thinking any party here before? Really clean up the bed sheet???? Why the new Guest can see this thing in their room? 

2. The bed sheets so rough, not like 5 stars hotel!

3. Where is the slipper??? My friend stayed in another floor, their room provide 4 slippers! But mine? What happen in this 5 star hotel!? 

4 no boiler provide!!!!!!! How come 5 star hotel is no boiler to provide? If I have baby, I have to use boiler! If I feel cold, I have to drink some warm drinks! Why 5 star hotel not provide boiler for guest? Or have to pay extra fee then get the boiler!? 

5. My two friends also have chocolate box on bed in their two rooms!!!! They just booked regular rooms..... Why that day was my birthday, I didn't get anything? Sigh!Worst, first and last time here. 

Booked a reservation for myself and my beloved to come enjoy July 4th weekend. 

Haven't even had the chance to stay in the rio and have dealt with the rudest front desk staff ever, even called me a racist comment when requesting a late checkout. 

They don't accommodate checkout requests until the day of checkin as well. Greasy way of telling you to F yourself. 

Can't cancel due to a no refund clause. 

Thanks AriaBooked a basic room and 2 days prior to arriving i decided to call and pay for a nicer room (suite). The hotel (I used M Life) then tells me they are booked and there are no nicer rooms to purchase. Since this seemed odd I called AMEX travel and asked them to find me a suite at the ARIA (i explained they said they had none). Amex calls me and tells me there is a suite (twice the price) so I booked it. I then called Aria and cancelled the original room (and explained to them they could not find a suite but AMEX did.). So, upon checkout they charge me a cancelation fee for my original room I was simply trying to upgrade earlier. The tower suits desk tells me it was because I had 2 rooms booked (albeit for a full 15 minutes) they could not rent the room out?? I kid you not. I've e mailed and asked to speak with a manager but no luck there. Now I am not complaining about the tax,,,,upon tax,,,, upon tax....as I like the hotel. But this just put me over the limit. Back to the Wynn!So the restaurants are top notch! This review is for the casino itself. I'm sitting here playing slots- make eye contact with the waitress- completely ignores me and goes to all surrounding guests while she looks at me and never comes to take my drink order. Highly offensive, young people have money too! I hope they learn to treat their customers better. Do not go here if you want to be acknowledged.Over the past three years when I've come to Vegas, I've stayed at Aria on the strip. Each time I thought it was an incredible experience. Out of 10 visits, I guess I was due to be disappointed. 

From check in using M-life and standing in line for over 30 minutes, to being put in a crappy view room after I paid for a room with strip view - I was just going to write it off and let it go. The front desk manager changed my room and gave me some credit for a meal. So forgive and forget. Right???

Tonight I found that parking as a given at this resort has been changed to $30 per day if you are staying at the resort. This is not the $38 resort fees, this is in addition too. If you are just here for dinner, the first 4 hrs has a $12 fee and 12 hrs is $18. The self park is now $10. To add insult to injury all 11 MGM properties in Vegas are doing the same thing.

I guess the resorts aren't taking enough of my monies. And now the valets and parking lot attendants at these 11 resorts have all become teamsters. I didn't realize this was skilled labor, who knew??? I'm not knocking the valets, just the actions that have caused them to bring in a union. 

So before I even get the first nights stay, between the resort fees and now parking, I'm already in $68. Wow!!!Don't bother to play or stay there unless you walk there. Vandalized cars must be a common thing there because security couldn't be bothered less when as a hotel guest your car is damaged. But they are quick to remind you of their hidden park at your own risk signs that they use as an excuse not to do anything. Pretty pathetic given they now charge $10 a day for such a privilege. After years of staying, playing, shopping, and dining there, I'll never comeback and will encourage my family and friends to do the same as well.

Folks, don't be fooled by Faith's false statement of concern or empathy. I have yet to hear back from Aria by phone or email after several attempts to discuss this matter with them. #mgmlackofaithMy boyfriend and I had really high expectations when we booked our room at the Aria for our Vegas trip a few weekends ago... Turns out, Aria really isn't all that great.

(1) So we get to Vegas around 5pm and get to the hotel to find that Aria has a daily parking rate of $15, even if you're staying at the hotel..... ARE YOU SERIOUS?! Since when??? 

(2) There was a huge line at the front desk so we decided to try the mobile check-in. BIG MISTAKE! I followed all the instructions, which prompted me to "wait for an email". My bf and I went to the bar to get a drink while we wait. We waited for 15 minutes, which turned to 30 minutes, which turned to an hour! After waiting a total hour and a half, we decided enough was enough. We didn't want to wait any longer so we went to the mobile check-in staff member to ask for help. I complained, telling her how long I waited and STILL haven't received an email. She said the system was down and that we had to get in line and check-in at the front desk. ARE YOU SERIOUS?! So I had waited an hour and a half for NOTHING! Good thing I went and asked... I could've waited all night!

(3) When we finally got to the front desk to check-in, they only had QUEEN bed rooms available, when I booked a KING room. We didn't really have a choice but to take it. 

(4) When we got to the room, we immediately realized that one of the key cards they gave us wasn't working. When we went to the front desk to complain, they said it was another technical error on their part.... SERIOUSLY?????

(5) Key card... whatever. I let it slide. So we went back upstairs and call the bell hop for our luggage. 10 minutes later, the bell hop brings the WRONG LUGGAGE! ARE YOU SERIOUS?! That made us wait another 15 minutes to get our luggage. 

(6) There are a couple things that I really didn't like about our room, other than the fact that we should have had 1 KING bed instead of 2 QUEEN beds.... Our sink counter was SUPER small. I barely had any space to put my toiletries and makeup on it. PLUS our sink was all clogged and gross! ALSO we didn't have a bath tub! I checked the list of amenities before I booked the room... and I went to Lush and got myself some awesome bath bombs so I was SUPER disappointed to find no bathtub in our room.

(7) After staying in our room the first night, we complained and complained and were FINALLY able to get the KING room that we booked. 

And for going through ALL THAT TROUBLE, there were no comps on anything... We should've had that first room for FREE if you ask me!

Okay end of rant. I hope everyone else that stays here has a much more pleasant stay than I did. Aria will never have my business again.I normally don't write reviews, but I absolutely had to this time with the terrible experience at Aria.

I travel to Vegas 3 to 4 times a year and usually always stay at Aria. I used to love Aria, the rooms were always super clean and beautiful, well not anymore. 

I'll start from the beginning. Me and my wife were coming to Vegas for 4 days to celebrate our wedding anniversary. After a 4 hour flight we get to Aria around 2 pm and wait in line for check-in. I get to the front desk about 2:45. The front desk girl was very nice. She checks us in and we get keys for a room on the 18 floor. 

We get to the room around 3:15 pm and only one of the two keys worked. We unpack and my wife wants to take a bath and I decide to take a nap before we head out to gamble. When I get to the bed I started to notice stains on the bed sheets, so I think to myself, ok no big deal they just need to change the sheets. I called housekeeping around 3:30 pm for them to come change them. Well while waiting for housekeeping to come I decided to look around a bit more and notice more nastiness around the bed. There were boogers and snot all around the bed, bed sheets, and headboard and on the tables next to the bed. Then there was also stains on the floor and there was a cigarette burn in the blanket even though the room is suppose to be non-smoking. For whatever reason there was also small metal beads all over the room. It was absolutely disgusting. This is something you would expect at Circus Circus, not Aria. So this time I called housekeeping again and told them what was happening. They sent a housekeeping supervisor so I could show her all the nastiness and I asked if I could switch rooms and was told to call the front desk. It is now about 4:30 pm and I called the front desk and told them what was happening and they changed my room to another room on the 28th floor and was told to reuse the same keys. So we repack and start heading to the other room.

We get to the next room around 4:45 pm after lugging all our luggage to the new room. This time before we unpacked we decided to check to make sure we didn't get another nasty room. The only issue we found was stains on 2 of the pillows. We called housekeeping again to come change them. So now its about 5:20 pm and we unpack again and I find out that the safe in the room is already locked, so I called the front desk and they tell me that they will send someone up to fix it. The maintenance guy comes and unlocks the safe 20 minutes later and finally settle in and my wife goes and take a bath finally and I finally get in bed to take a nap. About 5:55 pm l get woken up by a phone call from front desk telling us we need to move rooms again. At this point I am livid, I literally thought they were joking after we unpacked and settled in twice already. Apparently the room we were in was never suppose to be used due to water maintenance or whatever. So here I explained to them that we literally wasted the first 3 hours of our trip moving around rooms in the hotel. So this time they upgraded us to a sky suite room for all the trouble. So we repack our luggage again for the third time, this was getting old. This time we also had to wait for someone to bring us new keys. The keys finally arrive around 6:40 pm. 

The sky suites are at a different elevator and it was a pain move to this room. We get to our new room and it is exactly the same thing as the last two rooms, it actually seems smaller than the regular room and I swear it is. The regular room has two chairs next to the window, but in the sky suites there was only one. From what I saw on the room layout on the floor, this room was sandwiched in between two real suites so this was the smaller version of a regular room on a sky suites floor and thats all it was. At this point me and my wife are exhausted from all the room moving its about 7:30 when we finally unpack and settle in again for the 3rd time. Except for the big stain on the floor, this room was actually way cleaner than the last two. 

So we arrived at the hotel around 2 pm and took 5 hours for us to finally get a room we can stay in. The night before we checked out I went to the front desk at the sky suites and asked about late checkout and was told there was no late check out available, but they can call me to double check day of, well never heard anything back I'm sure she just threw my request in the trash since you can tell by her attitude that she really hated her job. The last day we were there we woke up around 10 am to get ready to check out, only find there was no running water. Called the front desk and was told the water was shut off for maintenance. So no washing up and no using the toilet, great. Would have been nice if someone warned us about this.

Aria is suppose to be a high end hotel, used to be clean, and on top of things. I guess not anymore. Thanks for such a terrible experience on our wedding anniversary. 

Check my photos to see what I am talking about.I would write less stars if I could. I checked in at 530 today at 6 we complained about our drain and they said at 730 they would come see. We went to eat and at 9 nothing was done. We called they upgraded us to a strip view, it was beautiful but my brother and his Fam got a regular view. We went out after transferring and neither of us could get in our room. We had to go back down to the front office and the made new Keyes .. By now we should be getting a better deal right?? Nope . I guess we're lucky to get what we gotNot worth the money. For $300/night I ended up waiting longer to check-in than any other hotel I have ever stayed at, a pool that closes at 5pm (or 6pm depending on the staff you talk to), an unexpected "resort fee" of $50 (what exactly I got for that I have NO clue), and a room that aside from the view of the skyscraper next to us, I could have found at any other hotel in Vegas. When I called vallet to have my car brought up to pick-up, as the front desk told me I could, I was told that I had to come down to show my ID before they would bring my car up. Frustrated, called the front desk to speak with a manager, and instead was directed to another front desk person before then being directed to the manager. Basically, they can't send a clear message through their staff, they are not helpful, and you get nothing extra for the cost of the space than any other hotel in Vegas. Stay somewhere else, don't fall for this tourist trap.

After two hours we packed up our stuff and checked out. Thankfully, their front desk manager was very polite, and listened to our frustrations. After offering to try and improve our stay, we simply got a refund and left. This may be the place for some, but it is not for us.Valet parking  is horrible!!!   They are asking for tips at the beginning by saying " we are taking care to who taking care of us " and then guess what ?  Your car coming last.  And if you'll try to question fact of advance tipping valet guys turns in to complete ass holes. And that's after advance tipping of $10 and paying for parking $13. Where do Las Vegas go ???!!!Came here in July and ordered a Caesar salad with steak.  Unfortunately, when I received it, the salad had about 2 cups of extra dressing on it.  

It was basically Caesar salad soup.  

They did fix my order but for 25 dollars, I think they could check the dish for quality before it leaves the kitchen.  

They did fix it but was disappointed overall.Do not park in the parking garage takes 20 minutes to get out. They have a single point failure with no person to assist if someone can't get out and the assistance button is absolutely not helpful. It is ridiculous that these casinos are charging for parking. Never going to an mlife casino again!Aria is a "good" hotel, they even prepared me some good check in gifts - couple pairs of dirty socks.NOT HAPPY WITH PARKING FEES AND DRAMA....as I was leaving Aria today after an early morning business meeting there was a longer then usual line of cars waiting to leave parking garage, such as 10 minutes. The parking lot attendants seem to be seriously not into there job or trained properly as to get the arm gates to work. There was a terrible conundrum as angry patrons waiting longingly in there cars were blowing there horns and later on shouting profanities at the confused parking lot gate attendants. 
   I do see MGM properties are not as busy and attendance is down because of the bs they have infringed on them selfs from this paying to park.The casino messed up our reservation, swiped 8 different authorizations for security deposits which did not release until after we checked out, house cleaning gave us back the dirty towels we left on the floor, and after trying t make it right with a measly $40 credit, then charged me for the items which should have been used on the credit. 

The hotel needs better maintenance.  The walls were dirty, there were damaged walls,  mirrors in elevators were always smudged up, our auto blinds in the room didn't work, and when I asked for someone to fix, they did not.  Took ten minutes at night to close the blinds because you couldn't do manually. 
Surprised how bad this was as I have stayed at Vdara (their sister hotel) and loved it. But the hotel/rooms at Venetian, MGM, and Trump, and Hilton Grand Vacation were much nicer. I will be staying at one of those from now on.  I expected more from Aria.Had a faulty machine that wouldn't allow me to cash out. Went to four different casino personnel for assistance. FOUR! Not one was able to assist and I was forced to play a bet that I did not want to because the machine was broken. Unacceptable!I totally forgot this happened until I saw pics from 4 or 5 months ago and remembered the experience I had here.

It was a girls weekend and it was either Cosmo or Aria and according to the room and price- Aria was our home away from home for the weekend. 

When we got to the hotel- we were told that our room was being cleaned so decided to hang out in/around the hotel since it was gonna be ready soon and they were going to call or text us according to the front desk.  We were all tired from our drive and we just wanted to lay out of the pool and relax before going out.  We had it all planned out and everything was gonna work out perfectly until the carpet was pulled beneath us. 

We were waiting SOOOOOO long at Starbucks- we decided to call down to check. They said they made a mistake (Yano, I don't even know if they admitted it to us- they prob just said they had more than expected or something) and it turns out that they were fully booked.  We called to talk to a manager Because this room was book way in advance- it wasn't like we walked in and got a hotel at that very second. 

After talking to multiple people and an hour or so went by- we finally get a room.  He upgraded us to a higher floor and something else but it was so minute, I can't even remember what it was.  Don't lie to us and leave us hanging. If we didn't call to see where our room was at, we would've been sitting at Starbucks for hours.  Just be upfront and honest- it made everything worst by lying giving us the runaround. 

It was supposed to be a fun- stress-free weekend but this mishap dampened our trip.  Just walking into the room left a bad taste.

I'm staying at Cosmo next time.As I normally would not post a review about a Local casino, but last night was a bit over the top.  So Las Vegas t mobile center had their unveiling of the golden knights.  Normally you can park in ARIA or New York New York. For some reason ARIA closed their parking, which is fine.   However, they posted two security personnel at the enter gate, not the main entrance to tell everyone who turned into the parking garage they are no accepting parking for the event.  
Not sure what their thought process was making every car, and I mean every car that pulled onto Park turn Into their lot to be told, make a u turn and make three lefts.  Let's add the idiot security officer was rude and disrespectful to multiple people while I was waiting in line to be told to u turn.  I asked why, and I'll I get was make the u turn and do not worry about it. 

Let's put aside the crappy thought process behind the decision not to put a security office or even a sign "No Event" parking today at the main entrance . The attitude that security officer gave to mostly locally is unacceptable.  

If anyone from MGM reads this it was about 5:10 pm and he was the taller of the two on site.Disappointing. That's all I can say about the Aria. We had been here a few times before to gamble and enjoy the bars. We had never actually stayed in one of the rooms. It was very basic. In need of updating. The remote for lights and windows are all on a tablet. The lights kept going on and off. The tablet kept rebooting. We had to call maintenance one night cause our air wasn't getting cool. 
I know it's the strip and it gets expensive but I didn't mind paying for the extras at the Wynn.
The hotel set up is not convenient either. I didn't see to many good reviews for the buffet so we just ordered room service for breakfast. Also the air quality is horrible! Last time we where here it smelled a lot better and that is why we would hang out here. 
On a positive note. The staff was helpful and friendly. If you do book a suite there is a lounge for faster check in/out. We did also book for a driver to pick us up to and from the airport and that worked out. We are not booking here again. Kinda sad.Exorbitant. Robotic. Rode hard and put away wet. Corporate. Thievery. Gross. Uncomfortable. Confusing. 

The pizza place is good. Go there. 

$25 per day in resort fees, not included up front.

$25/day in taxes not described up front. 

Jostle a diet coke in the mini fridge? Charged. 

Fuck these people.I was highly disappointed in my last stay. I let the front desk know that my tablet was not connected to the curtains or the air we were told that it would be remotely reset however it never was I called again and nothing was done. On the second day one elevator was stuck open we tried several times to send it down so another elevator would come up but we decided to go down the stairs until we could get to the next floor but the doors were locked so we continued down until we had walked from the 35th door to the 26th floor before we stopped and finally got someone to get us out. All in all for a major brand it was lacking in customer service and servicing their equipment.Sorry for the negative comment but laying by the amazing pool it was completely disturbing to not be informed of the helicopter flight pattern loudly flying right over head every 10minutes. Otherwise very beautiful.Had a pretty bad experience during my stay at the Aria. Check in time was 6 am Monday , had flew to Vegas the day before but had stayed with a friend and wanted my own room! Well stayed up until check in time in the casino playing and what not, got our room on the 30 th floor and it looked horrible!!! Pizza crust on the counter, half empty alcohol bottles on the ground, towels everywhere, needless to stay my fianc and I were pretty mad! Went down to front desk and they issued us another room. This time on the 29th floor. This room was OCCUPIED!! The current room stayers thought we were trying to break into their room. So again we go down to the front desk and tell them what happened. They bump us up to a suite for our upsets! So we're thinking ok great, this makes up for it! Well suite was on the 3rd floor, the view was a white roof!!! So basically there wasn't one, and it was all the way at the other side of the hotel!! Just a bad experience overall!I don't review often but I have to on this one... We just spent memorial weekend at the Aria and I don't understand how they would have EVER one an award for service.  Here is a summary of the service level from the different areas we visited at the Aria:

1. Check in - Awesome, friendly, helpful and informative
2. Housekeeping - Awesome and super friendly, they seemed to be happy you were there
3. Pool staff - decent service, speedy but our girl didn't come by a lot
4. Liquid - tons of fun
5. Alibi - good service but some of the security was an ass
6.  Pit boss - completely rude, asshole, didn't care about anyone gaming, shut down a full table and told everyone to go to a different one where the limit was 4x higher
7. Jean George - awesome, tasty and great service
8. Aria Cafe - quick and easy and tasty
9. Buffet - worth the money and good service from the wait stuff but the cook at the Pho station wasn't please t
10. Check out - probably the biggest piece of garbage lady ever and they weren't even busy... 
11. Jewel - nice club, good setup and super friendly hosts
12. Casino host - very nice, helpful and accommodating 
13. Tom English pub - very tasty awesome Bloody Mary!
14. Dealers - no one was engaging at the tables except for 1 lady at craps... Maybe the BJ dealers didn't speak English 

So in summary they do have some decent restaurants and it seems like some people really care that you are there and others don't give a flying shit about you.  If you care about gambling, pick somewhere else that will make it fun.  If u can avoid check out, do it.  You could stay elsewhere and just walk over to eat if you like.

The best part is that I filled out the survey they sent with all 10s, 7s, and 2s based on the info above. They asked if I wanted to be contacted and I said sure. They asked how and I send by phone... A day or 2 later I received and EMAIL that said, "we are sorry about your concern at the tables and checkout... Hope to see you again."

If you don't actually care... Don't askNot the Vegas experience you want!

Rooms are nice, pools are ok, but the rest of the place, not so much. The restaurants are lacking (not much of a choice), music in the casino is loud and terrible, carpet is thrashed, nothing is really convenient, parking is a pain, we could hear our neighbors music (complaint to the front desk) and the staff wasn't anything special. Definitely won't be back here.How do u feel if you paid in front but you cant relax and enjoy the limited time you have? 

We checked in Sun at 5pm by mobile check in service. 
This hotel is Ok. Not something special and unique for that money they charging very fast. Even the bed is not the bed i want to sleep and have a sweet dreams. The cotton fabric is overwashed and not fresh. The room is smell old! 

My friends get not clean and dirty room. The So they lost 30 min and the 1st impression was ruined. 
Second day I couldnt get my room about 2 hours. After breakfast my mom forgot her pills, she suppose to take them on time. My phone call on 30th floor phone couldn't reach enyone! Nice ppl helped me to call supervisor. This lady send us to front desk. The front desk lady Lindsey said something wrong with the payment. I gave her the same card  and its went trough easy!!! But i still cant get my room. Very very poor service, this Hotel is not the place I recommend for any occasion. This Aria Hotel making the problem from nothing and fixing very slowly and too many Sequrity polices how to make it with more hard way. If you are agree with me share my review and trust me. :) the hotel key problems are always, but it fixable very easy at MGM and Bellagio, Wynn/ Encore! Never got dirty room ant those hotels.Hotel is beautiful but customer service or security seem to be full of them self and Aria loves to pick and choose when and who to harass.

Been drinking in their bar for days, afternoon and all night. Wake up 3rd morning go down the elevator to have a smoke like usual and this morning security asked for my id. Keep in mind I'm pushing 50 soon. Me and the wife thought it was cute the guy asked but they were serious. I asked for the manager as I have been drinking Day and night in this bar and nobody carded me to order a drink but the second I don't order a drink and just want to sit in a chair I need id? Was strange to me so I asked for a manager.

Joe Carrington came over I tried to explain I been drinking for days at that same bar and never id asked and all we wanted was to sit in a chair and smoke as it was very early. Aria explained at this time this morning it was mandatory if I wanted to be in a casino I needed my id to be there? So was I to leave the property because I left my id in my room at 7am to get a coffee and have a smoke? 

I again asked so I shouldn't gamble or be standing in a casino due to not having any id at 7am? He said yes I shouldn't be in the casino without my id on my person? 

I think that's going way too far with a customer who clearly looks of age and have been drinking in same bar for days with never an issue. Shoot I play tables and slots and get drinks at every casino this trip every other trip and never carded. 

I think the hotel is gorgeous just like many others on the strip so I will now start choosing other hotels in the future and I will advise all my friends to stay away from this hotel as the security there picks and chooses when to enforce the rules Joe Carrington decided to enforce. 

In the end you cannot argue with security if they choose to pick on you for no reason put your tail between your legs and do what they say. No scene was caused because I let it go but my words and recommendations to all my friends who come to Vegas will be to avoid this hotel. 

Thank you Joe Carrington for showing me the light with Arias customer service, common sense and unwillingness to make a customer happy. 

I'm very disappointed in Aria and will forever make it known! If I was not leaving back to Florida tomorrow I would change hotels but we already been in a suite and corner king our entire trip with one more night left. 

Our friends staying that came out on vacation with us cannot believe what happened and will also not come back to this hotel. As like I stated so Many beautiful hotels on the strip to choose from. 

Aria you cannot pick and choose when to uphold your rules and regulations. Either you uphold those rules at all times or do not. That's good business to practice and teach your employees. Consistency in what you expect from guests! 

I'm glad Aria showed me how they operate this trip before I booked my next trip back. Actually was thinking of booking here already for next trip. 

But I avoid confrontation at all costs and this hotel likes to be confrontational with guests. 

Again my opinion but everyone I know will get this opinion forever!Customer service is horrible!   If your going to stay at MGM properties stay at vdara!  Wyatt who is a manager doesn't do anything to help customers out! I am a pearl member and vdara offers much better late checkout then aria, stay there!  Also the table dealers are not the friendliest.   I was back and forth for 35 minutes to finally reach a manager completely unacceptableThe hotel was a great experience up until checkout where Laura was extremely rude and eye rolled so many guest at check out. Unprofessional and rude to say the least.Update so came back again for EDC and a little gamble...Brother Booked it but I paid for it. When he got back to Ireland he was still charged. When called hotel the said they would fix it and then charged me again twice. Took three weeks and a dozen calls for them to fix it and not one apology or credit..Shame I liked this spot.Ps I know its a late but have been offlineBooked two rooms for two nights with breakfast buffet included. At check in was not told about the free buffet and was told it would be $25 + tax when we enquired about it later. Hotel itself is a modern and beautiful. Rooms were brightly lit, high tech, and decor modern albeit getting a little worn. Room could've been cleaned better and there were not a lot of toiletries for 2 persons 2 days and no way to get more as it was difficult to locate a staff member on the floor. This hotel is located in the perfect location and we had a fantastic view of the strip. Nowadays hotels in LV charge for parking (including self parking) even if you stay at the hotel so be warned.My beautiful wife and I came here for the Roger Waters concerts. This is our first time we have visited here. The room wa a big disappointment. The amenities and the venue were great.

the issue was that the A/C was not sufficient to cool the room. They have a very poor design here. the thermostat is located RIGHT BELOW THE COOLING VENT FOR THE A/C so it never cooled and always showed it being much cooler in the room that it was at the bed. It was so uncomfortably hot in the room all the time. They of course can do nothing about this as all the room have the poor design. The thermostat should be in the middle of the room to sense the temperature in the whole room, but RIGHT UNDER THE COOLING VENT!

Wow, what a huge disappointment. We will never be staying here again.

The rest of the hotel wa fabulous. great food especially. we loved 550 Pizza and the pastry and chocolate places were divine.

Wish they had thought out the A/C when they were designing the hotel. What a shame.:(I usually do not write reviews that often and especially don't give any bad review to ARIA at all since my husband totally loves ARIA. My husband and I always love to stay here and we come minimum 3 times a year but the last 2 stays of ours were very unsatisfactory and all due to unprofessional staff at Mlife. 

My husband did not get any points added to his card while he was playing table games and slots and at the time f check out when he went to Mlife he was told that it will take 24 hours to add his points. Fine after 24 hours when we didn't see his points I called Mlife VIP customer service and Sheila answered. 

Upon telling her my issue she was rude and answered that my husband probably didn't put his Mlife card while playing. Hello he is a Platinum member and he played $3000 in table games only not counting the $1000 he played in slots. 

She didn't sound happy when i told her that it is impossible she put me on 30 minutes hold and then came back and told me that "oh I called downstairs to see why his points weren't added and they told me they are updating the system and will enter the points manually which will take a week".

Well just dinner one night was 6000 points and not counting the 3 to 4 shows we watch each time that we are there. This is how Mlife is misleading us because we are very disappointed and we always upgrade to tower suite.

To top this while my husband went to the tower suite lobby to grab few bottles of water the representative at the door asked him to show his keys. We went there couple of times already previous day and he saw us and he didn't ask anyone else but us to show the keys???? Why only because we are people of color or he thought we can't afford tower suites????

To become Platinum Mlife member we need 200 000 tier credits which is $8000 in total but each time we stay here we surpass this and now with this type of treatment I rather pay and stay and spend my money elsewhere.

We stayed here March 04/16 - 07/16, August 22/16 - 25/16, September 27/16 - 29/16

Very Very Disappointed.Never again. Stayed here during the Paul Mitchell gathering and they completely screwed up the rooms. We asked for two adjoining rooms with two beds in each, as we were going to be sleeping 7 people. They gave us two rooms, not adjoining, with one bed in each. When we went to customer service to have it corrected, they came up with every excuse under the sun. Finally, they gave us two adjoining rooms, but only one room with two beds. The other with only one. We then asked them what they could do and they brought up that cot. Late that night when we came back from the club we realized there were no blankets!! We called down to have a blanket brought up and they assured us it would be right up. Never came. My friend slept with pillows on her for blankets. Not to mention the thermostat on the iPad didn't even work. We ended up moving to the Linq for the last night who upgraded us complimentary to a suite. Will totally stay there from now on!Eating instant noodle would be ridiculously difficult at Aria. Because $5 for hot water delivery, $30 for using water boiler, and there is no way to use microwave even though Aria has a lot. 
Everything is ridiculous.
Also, pool is not clean and small. They have 3pools, but only two of them is for every guest.
Last but not the least,  front desk service was suck. I asked trash can and water Boiler. And front desk just said they will delivery both of them to the room. However, the fact is that front desk know little about their hotel.  I didn't know they can not deliver water boiler until a house keeper told me. And the rest of questions I have to call many times to different number. And all of them is only for a instant noodle!!This hotel is beautiful and one of the newest and nicest in Vegas that being said, all the staff at the check in desk are horrible and do not know how to give good customer service. We went for NYE paying $700 for that night and when we arrived to check in at 10 am they told us room would be available by 3 which is fine bc that is normal check in time. Later we came back at 3 and they said we would have to wait until 4. We got upset asked for manager person helping us disappeared saying she was going to talk to her boss and didnt come back to the counter until it was 4:30. Horrible all of them are young and in my opinion have no customer service skills. They even argued with us and tried to say that they weren't at fault! I give it one star only bc the hotel is nice and I like the bakery but staff SUCKS!!!!I am very disappointed it about this resort,
firstly when I get here the system was not working so I have to wait to check in , second place the tv is not working since yesterday and they haven't do anything about it yet they sent a technical men but the sent the wrong one they sent the light ingenierie but he was the only one very helpful even do that wasn't he's department he tried to help 
He called someone on the front desk and they told him that they will sent someone with the keys for the. New room but they never show up and 
I am very upset now I still here waiting for some to bring me the new key for the new room  I am  stocked here now waitingIn the interest of time, you'll be much better off if you just book somewhere else. This hotel is a mess from a check-in desk and customer service perspective. 

Sure you can stay here if you are at a work convention and it won't be the end of the world but if you are looking for a relaxing time or a fun time or a romantic time or a girls weekend or a bachelor party or a family reunion... then you are definitely better off staying somewhere else. 

Bottom line: Don't stay for vacation and only stay here if you have to a mandatory work convention on the premises.This hotel has the worst service on the strip and is way overpriced.  More than an hour and air to get your car from valet. $16 for 7 chicken wings by the pool.  No coffee in the room, $17 for a small pot from room service. Last time here!!Positive: jean Philippe patisserie. That's all. 

Booked a room at Aria, this was my 3rd Vegas trip and I was super excited to stay at Aria...big mistake. Check in mobile is such a fail, was supposed to wait for an email ..after 5 hours still no email, got to approach the lady in front desk and with no apology or anything I get a reply "oh yes your room is ready" like what the hell? 

When checking luggage in I gave to the guy few bucks and got the most furious glare ever instead of a thank you, same thing when I was checking out too, working in the service industry I'm always thankful for whatever I get and these guys had no shame in just making me feel obligated and sort of weird. 

Our hotel room was small, nothing like I saw on pictures and everytime we got off elevator it took us forever to find the room and it's a far walk. We stayed for 4 days and every morning we were hearing the construction drill that woke us up. There are no toothbrushes or toothpaste in the room. 

If you are not a Sky suite member at some point you'll feel weird, especially when you stand in line for buffet and there's another special line for Sky peeps that don't have to wait, or when you go to the pool and there's one private pool for Sky suites members only. As such a big brand hotel it's a shame to make some guests feel more special then others, everyone should feel accepted, welcomed and comfortable. 

When playing casino at the a slot machines during my 4.5 days at this hotel not even once a cocktail waitress came by to ask if we wanted a drink. They only concentrated on people who play at the table, and after I asked a floor manager to send a waitress over 3 TIMES she still never came over. You guys suck. 

Never ever again, and I have tons of friends coming to Vegas next month and everyone was messaging me about how I liked it and I just told everyone to book  Wynn , Encore or Bellagio. Stay away from this one. I couldn't wait to get back to New York. Thanks Aria "Resort" for nothing. 

Drinks at the pool $22-$55 (yeah and they're not even good) 
Resort fee is $39 
They also rubbed in the late check out for $40 that was such a mistake because I didn't really need it, but they are so pushy over there. Ugh. Horrible.An honest review (since booking.com won't be a proper reflection). Booked off booking.com, given the praise and high reviews. It was my first time staying at Aria. 

Long story short, this whole 'star-rating' they give these hotels is surely corrupted. Someone is getting bribed somewhere because this is NOT a 5 star hotel. 

You'll deal with the usual-oh that room you booked is gone but we have one a little different but it's not on a high floor or if you want you can stay at this lower one tonight and we will switch you over tomorrow-WHO wants that kind of hassle?! It's called a vacation folks. I don't want to do jack unless it involves sipping on drinks by the pool. Not to mention, since I work in the travel industry, I'm constantly moving-the last thing I want to do is move hotel rooms during my stay. 

Also, you'll get better valet service just about everywhere else-the people here don't even open the door for you or offer to help you with your bags.....very odd. 

Oh but here's the real downfall....the AIR-CONDITIONER SYSTEM IS TERRIBLE!!!! We stayed in two different rooms during our stay so we know it's just their AC system. I couldn't sleep the first two nights. The third night I complained and they gave me a humidifier and said they'd be charging per night for it-WHAT THE HECK MAN?! Your AC sucks and that's not MY problem. Not to mention they gave me the exact same humidifier I have at home-$20 from Target. And you want to charge me $50+ a night for it?! Clearly you're insane. Aria leverages the 5 star title to charge you up the bum but they don't deliver that kind of rating. 5 stars to them means you can charge $20 for a mini Fiji water. 
Bring a humidifier TRUST me. It's that bad. I've never had to use one in any hotel room I've ever stayed at and I've stayed at alllllllllll kinds of hotels all over the world.

I will never be staying here again. And all of that^ is just the major stuff. 
 
The bathrooms aren't properly ventilated and the faucet is SO loud-it'll wake your roomie up. But ehhhhhhhhhhhhh. I'd be willing to over look it.....but not that AC and lack of 5 star service. 

The only praise is the Tapas place and the courtesy of the check-in agents. All else is nothing.Never again!!!!!! Horrible experience no customer service skills, 1) my room wasn't ready they tried charging me for 2 rooms then to top it off the hotel concierge did know how to manage the situation, food was awful, and the if your spending $$$$$$ period customers are valuableOne of the best hotel/casino in Vegas. Why the two stars? They need to hire more people at the front desk. Checking in on a Sunday afternoon was about an hour long. There were 6 open stalls but apparently they were  under staff.

Their mobile check in was not working. That didn't help the situation.

The last two times I stayed here, I had the same problem...... Long line to check in. Not a good start to the mini vacation.If you like a hotel with pubic hairs from prior guests on the floor and a television system and blackout curtains that don't work, stay at Aria. And call the front desk and ask Lindsay Landry for help and expect her to tell you that there was an electrical problem in the hotel more than 2 months ago that still hasn't been remedied, so that is why you don't get on demand movies or other services in your room. And there aren't other rooms in the house tonight ... really? I doubt that. You get to live with those pubic hairs and who knows what else. Calling her boss in the morning, Ryan Gregory. Hope there is a clean, working room tomorrow. Go elsewhere. I will next time.Stayed her for a week last November. My wife and I thought the room was high end and the Buffett was the best in town. There were some things that we didn't like such as the long hallways and sports book. I wrote a review of the sports book at the time as my wife and I were really upset. Just a few days ago a friend of the Server from the sports book decided to reach out and insult me. I have never had a business like the Aria resort to such harassment over an honest review of an experience. If you are thinking about staying at the Aria on your trip I would be careful as the employees and their friends will internet bully and harass you if you were less than satisfied with them. In this day an age of reviews and social media having creepy pms sent to you because of an unpleasant experience is certifiable.I will start off with how great this resort is overall. The grounds, rooms and facilities are beautiful. Room staff was extremely friendly and helpful. 

However, the valet staff/door people were extremely ride when it came to us trying to get an Uber pickup at the regular passenger pickup area. 

One Uber driver was downright scared to pick us up and we nearly had to cancel our ride (requiring a penalty to be paid) because the Uber driver was so scared to enter the complex. 

We were finally told by an Uber that there is an alternative pickup area (which is far more inconvenient). At no point did any valets share with us this location. 

We are under the impression that the valets must be receiving some sort of kickback from the cab companies by their unwillingness to help us get some sort of transportation other than a taxi cab. 

We were often forced to have the Uber pick us up in unsafe areas such as the side of the Las Vegas strip.- Prepare to wait for everything 30 minutes to check in.
- Lines for breakfast are like in disney world and this is very expensive hotel I would expect if I pay more I can save time?
- Also another problem is smell/smoke - I understand that people smoke on casino floor, but why does the smell makes it to my room?
To be objective wifi is good.Overall the hotel was ok. The room ended up having everything that could go wrong happen to us. One thing after another. Not to mention they totally messed up on the billing. Finding this out almost 1 week later when I was double charged for a room. Come to find out when I called them up about it they had no record of the charge to my credit card. Now having to file a dispute with my credit card company on it because Aria could not explain why my account was double charged and they found no record of a double charge on there end yet I had all the proof recipes and everything to back up my claim that they even double charged me even statement from the cc company. Thank god the cc company has my ass covered.

Now it's just a waiting game . Nice hotel just watch the billing watch your statement and charges carefully.

EDC Weekend Attender
they ended up fixing a lot of things but the room was all messed up. I am going to list them here.

1) The AC was horrible the room got cool but still was on he very hot side. Kept the AC at as low as it would go but still didn't seem to kick out enough cool air. It was manageable so we just kinda dealt with it.

2) hairballs found in the bathrooms upon arrival. it was corrected but still kind of nasty did arrive seen it and then having to call up housekeeping to deal with it it should've been done before arrival and especially when you're paying so much money for a room.  not to mention who the suitr

3) TV went out in the bedroom the second night and had to have maintenance come fix it.

4) Lost phone service out of one of the phones during some time but then ended up coming back after they fixed it.

5) One of the bathroom faucets you could completely ripped out and fell off and was loose. 

Now I will give it to Aria that they did correct most of the things. But it's was still upsetting to have to experience so much head ach with the room. What actually killed the icing on the cake was that in the end the bill was all jacked up and to have been double double charged as stated above. I don't feel that Aria with all the problems cared enough. Instead they cared enough to double change me and then act as though they had no clue about the double charge.

And now having to deal with this and disputed charges was just the icing on the cake.

Anyways felt it was necessary to voice my
option and experience. I will say this I might not go back seeing how my first experience when so bad from the problems with the room all the way to being double billed .

Not to mention I tripped over ripped up carpet on the floor that never got fixed after I mentioned it to
one of the staff members.It's a nice property.    But $25 to park per night is ridiculous.   If you don't have a car or don't care about paying $25 to park it's a nice hotel..  I guess I care..  Also, I stayed 3 nights at the hotel and was charged for parking 4 days.  With the highest parking fee and resort fee as any of the Vegas properties just be aware..  It's one of the nicer hotels so I guess they can make that argument.   But it's essesive in my humble opinion.I would have given them half star if there was an option. The customer service is not proper at all. They have no good choice of shops and restaurants. Staff are rude and the bathroom shampoo, body wash, and lotion stink. Idk what kind of cheap brand they are. Even holiday Inn has a better one.I had an awful experience at the Aria. As the fifth time coming toVegas and explorin a new hotel, I expected it to be top notch as advertised. Instead, housekeeping used my wive's personal products during the stay while cleaning our room. I have pictures to prove this - her brush and makeup was used. Not only that, her curling iron I had given her as a birthday gift was taken by housekeeping. I have called multiple times as they promised it would be found in the lost and found with no call back. For the used products, I called and had the property manager come to the room to show her what we saw (IE dark hair all in my blonde wive's new brush - dark hair all around the makeup products which I have pictures of) and said oh yes someone used this. We can replace the cost of the brush?! No. How inappropriate for a nice vegas hotel to use personal products and offer a replacement brush to fix this. Finally, a hotel manager called back and said yes the property manager confirmed there was a hair in the brush - no, there were about 20+ and again I have pictures to prove this. So finally after having to go thru it all again we had a night comped. However, the $200 beachwaver curling iron my wife had to have for her birthday is still no where to be found and I have yet to get a call back on my stolen property. Also, they claimed they have no file of the complaint on our used property - they never filed anything to avoid having this found out. I plan on posting my review on every social media platform possible. This is extremely unprofessional and inappropriate.Rooms were expensive, lacking a fridge, microwave, hair dryer, and coffee pot. Although the AC was set on 65, the room was hot. Food and drinks were very expensive also. We did enjoy the pool and hot tubs.Mediocre at best. I was quite surprised since a few people recommended this hotel to me. 
It's described as a "luxury" hotel however it's far from a luxury hotel. 
I know most people don't go to Las Vegas for the hotels but still after paying close to $400 for one night I expected a better experience. 

The room was a deluxe room with a strip view. The view was great but wow for being a newer hotel the decor is straight out of 1992. 

The beds... so uncomfortable. My mattress sank on one side and the bedding was more motel quality. Worst part.... DIRTY SHEETS. I don't know. Stains that were certainly questionable. 

Bathroom... again stained and yellowing towels. Electric outlet kept shutting off every 10 seconds making drying your hair impossible and the sink water pressure and temperature... no good. It took much too long to warm up enough which is just a sad waste of water. 

Housekeeping came knocking at our door at 9 am and asked us what time we were checking out. Really? Isn't there a set checkout time? Not to mention a privacy light. 

Anyway I would not recommend this hotel.I was so excited to stay at Aria and was extremely disappointed with the entire experience. We were here for a bachelorette party and stayed in the sky suites. When we arrived we were told we could get an early check-in at about 1:30 and they'd call us. Fast forward to 3:00 when normal check-in was and our suite STILL wasn't ready. During this whole check-in process we spoke to three different people who never communicated anything with us or each other. One said she was going to send a supervisor up to the room and see what was going on. She walked away and instead of communicating what was going on she WENT TO LUNCH. After finally getting things switched around we were moved from the 54th floor to the 35, in a 2 king bed suite for 6 people. We originally booked a 2 queen 1 King suite. They only apologized and have us a $50.00 hotel credit and a complimentary roll away bed, which we had to call and ask for 3 TIMES...Are you kidding me!? Their reward system was also down the entire time we were there and the slot machines wouldn't take your voucher tickets. The entire experience was awful, save your money and go stay somewhere with less hype and better customer service and appreciation.Just had a bad experience with this hotel even tho everything is nice and fancy upon entering it i noticed there was shaved hair underneath the pillow i was really disgusted and disappointed since i got the nicest view so they had to move me to a lower level with a bad view which was not considered same as my reservationThe lobby is nice but the rooms are disappointing. The headboard in our room was all ripped up. The cosmopolitan did a better job of making us feel welcomed and appreciated as guests. Our experience was very lack-luster. Sorry Aria.Check in process needs to be overhauled in a major way!!
When will they learn, the sooner you check me in, the sooner you can't start taking my money!!

Let's do what Apple does : have a team of mobile operators checking you in down the line. 

Stood here with about 60 people in front of me. Line not moving.I stayed here for the first time last weekend. I had a very terrible experience with Viktoriya at the front desk. She had an attacking tone of voice, very bitter, and unwelcoming. Questions that were asked included if there was an option to upgrade to a suite, if there was an option of a smoking/non smoking room, if there is a way to add lunch buffet to the reservation, and more. She responded in a very unprofessional way and being it was my first time, the day definitely started on a wrong note. I will never stay there again. Also, when I asked her for the ID back, she said she'll give it back once the keys are made. She barely smiled and would barely let me speak. This is not the face or services you would want to receive first thing in the morning. 

However, shoutout to Frank the Front Desk Manager as he heard me out and helped put a rush note to get checked into the room as well as offered a voucher for the inconvenience. Thank you Frank but moving forward, I hope that no one experiences such hosting as I did with Viktoriya.This review is for the whole day club not the hotel. Sold my husband a $25 cigar in the way into the pool and assured him he could smoke it by the pool. Minute we were inside yelled at him for having it near the pool then continually chased us away everywhere we tried to sit. Said you couldn't smoke by the pool even though all the VIP cabanas clearly had ashtrays so clearly just a ploy to extort us. Snobby atmosphere with too mangy ridiculous rules. Enjoyed Bare at the Mirage way more, would recommend over this place for sure. Also the pool is hella tiny and full of people on floaters.This is the second time I'm staying here and I really have encountered the worst front desk service. For my check-in for my sister and myself. My sister arrived earlier and was unable to check in since they needed my cc present for them to authorize and charge. I wanted to take care of all charges as a present and not have any fees for my sister to take care of at all. Anyhow, it was a frustrating ordeal. She ended up leaving then came back tom meet me when I arrived. When I arrived earlier than her I couldn't check into her room without her being present or paying for her room first before so she could just come and pick up the keys. I'm not sure I ever encountered anything like this. 
Now for the first time I checked in. I was told there wasn't anything available 3 for late check in. So I waited until 3:30 and finally got my room. I got to my room to find it that it wasn't clean. So sadly had to just take my stuff and find a new hotel. 
On top of everything the rooms have been more expensive overall compared to other places I'll be going to instead since they offer a much better customer service. I was told that there's a $25/day charge for any use of fridge, especially if u put anything inside....If I could give zero stars I would.  The customer service at the reservation desk and then the manager was unbelievably bad.  Not customer friendly at all. Very disappointingI am so upset with the Mlife desk & Jean Phillip Pastry.  I've redeemed Myvegas Reward was supposed to loaded into my player card. But can't locate it in the system. So mean while they charged my croissants from my Express Comp without explaining to me.  Luckily I was curious checked out my Express Comp point went down. Took 4 hours of to correct it by replacing my Express Comp.   Aria you owe me 4 hrs of hell....Funny, nasty smell in the rooms. Room could not cool down. Room keys not working.... Typical hotel problems. Just expected more out of this hotel. Time of my stay was April 10-13 20175th time I have stayed here in the 7 years since opening. Used to be an awesome experience and a great place to stay. Now services are expensive, rooms are getting a little worn and they charge you for absolutely every little thing!  Checkout the $115 iPhone charger in the mini bar - this made me laugh since you can get these on eBay for $5 easy. Even the bartenders are stingy with the amount of alcohol per drink.

Sad to say this will be the last time I will stay here. Much better values on the strip for the same'ish surroundings.Waited 45 minutes through the checkout line to get a new room key. The line was 4 people at most. Embarrassing.Worst trip eva in this hotel, we waited for 1.5 hour after the longggggg line, and they didnt find my confirmation number that i booked for a  suite. After all the bullshit the MANAGER end up give me a king room, say it was STRIP VIEW, and easy access. Bull shitttttt, im was the last freaking room of that hall way and its a 8 mins walk every time to the elevator, strip view in the vagina, plue it smell like farts, plus its only 150$ extra for the room........ Yea...... Even the valet parking people r rude.Soo FUK NO  no any who's wanted a good vacation ,dont go hereMy husband and I stayed here this last weekend in a King Suite.  Super disappointed in the quality of the bed, pillows, bedding.  The first night was very bad and we got no sleep.  The pillows were so thin we had to call house keeping to see if there were any other options.  They brought us some smaller pillows that were fuller and got us through the second night.  The bed was so hard, and the quality of the bedding was cheap.  Location was good, shopping great, and the food selection was good.  We come to Vegas a lot but unfortunately after our sleeping experience would not recommend the Aria to our friends and family.Every time when we go to Vegas ( my fianc and I) we wanna try new hotels to stay. This time it happened to be Aria, there were couple of things that it weren't pleasant. I was expecting better experience. Here is a list of things that didn't create a good memory!

1- check-in time was VERYYYYYY LONGGG AND we waited OVER 40 minutes just to check in!
2- they charge for parking! REALLY??!! $10 per night!
3- after first request that we had for our room service my iphone charger disappeared!! 
4- beds are super uncomfortable to the point that me and my fianc got back pain!!
5- buffet was HORRIBLE! We both got sick twice after eating there there! ( after first time getting sick we gave them a second chance)
5- NO BIBLE in the room!Not worth the money...just go to the Venitian for this price! Staff is not helpful, but misleading at check-in trying to trick you thinking something is included while in reality they ll charge you for it in full...My husband dropped my wallet with $2,500usd cash at the hotel on his stay this june. A guest actually picked it up. According to what the hotel told my husband on the phone, the guest just reported that they had picked up a wallet, and they wanted to give my husband in person because there was a lot of cash in there. However, when my husband got there, after a wait of almost one hour, he received his wallet back from a security man. (Yes, not at the front desk, or the concierge, but from the hand of a security guy). This security guy told my husband "it doesn't look like there is that much money in your wallet" and "hey, something is better than nothing, right?". By him saying that, we can't conclude that he took the money, but he obviously look through the wallet. There was no paper work filed or anything like an another 5 star hotel would do. And the manager wont do anything because he himself passed the wallet to the security guy ( very professional, right. Especially at a 5 STAR hotel). And they refused to let us speak to the guest to confirm how much money was inside. We cant do anything to find our money back. But we dont want this happen to anyone else. Please be alert if you decide to stay here because who knows, they have all access to your room. Or better yet, Dont stay here at all !!!!!!questo albergo e' davvero una merda...


we have been waiting for five hours (literally have been here since 8.30 am) and still haven't been given a room. we are an hour out from regular check-in time, yet paid $50 extra to get into a room early... called the front desk for an update and homegirl was short and rude... piss poor customer service for a high end resort.

there are no plugs in the lobby area and if you manage to find one adjacent to the casino, they will not let you sit with whatever you are charging.

the hotel policies are pretty appalling... an aria checked bag ticket is not enough to get you into the pool if you've already checked out. if you were like me and weren't registered on the hotel room, they will not let you in, even if they've seen you every day, even if you give them your room number and the person you were staying with and all of their contact information. 

every single night we were there we had a problem with the key cards. one night, we got locked out for forty minutes at 3.40 am before being able to get into our room. 

breakfast at aria cafe is... .... . a cappuccino was served to me at actually around 350 degrees, probably, well over appropriate serving temperature. they gave me white toast without asking me what i wanted to sub wheat for after they ran out of it. once they came back with the sourdough i asked them to sub instead of the white, it wasn't even any type of toasted (i waited 15-20 minutes just for the toast to come out after the rest of my food). a half an avocado will cost you a sharp $5. an unseasoned egg scramble with the rest of this awful breakfast was $33. 


two bartenders, whose names i unfortunately do not remember considering the fucking tragedy this trip was, really did cheer me up by just being the nicest and most genuine people i met on my trip here, so there is that. their management, on the other hand, did not seem to care that either of them had not gotten their lunch breaks. 

anyway, fuck this place for real.Been here, stayed here, and eaten here before and loved it. This last visit, not so much. 

Went to the M Life Counter to try and redeem MyVegas points early in the morning for breakfast. Upon arriving, with our kids, the wife went off to the side just barely visible to me and not close to any of the machines. Since there was no lines, I was immediately told any MyVegas rewards are not usable during Christmas since it was blacked out. 

I was disappointed, but I get that.  What I don't get, is the person on the floor and immediately told my wife and kids to leave since they are underage. Sure, I get that minors should not be allowed on the floor and it's not legal. But since I barely paused for a second to ask the hostess and was rudely told by the gentleman to leave before I can barely finish hearing my vouchers were not valid.....that was totally uncalled for. 

Sometimes, it's not what you say, it's how you say it...and this time, it could've been told and handled differently.  It didn't sit well with me and I didn't get a chance to voice my concern. So let me tell my fellow Yelpers to please consider twice before coming here if you want to be taken care of.  There are plenty of better options.Do not stay here!! I work for Starwood Properties and I thought I would venture out of the sister properties and go here. Bad idea. Customer service here is so terrible I was left speechless. Oh you want a late check out HA! That's funny they charge you an arm and a leg for an extra hour! The manager here is Basically useless seeing as he did nothing to help the fact the I was on hold for 25 mins and being transferred 3 times to people who couldn't help. THANKS for absolutely nothing WYATT!!The hotels looks new and clean and Rooms are nice and big.  BUT At the time i made my reservation at mlife member website i upgrade my room and add $45 nightly  for having a strip view.but wheni booked in they gave me a lower floor with view of the oldest monte carlo hotel . I called to complain why the hotel dont deliver what i payd for .the maneger at the front desk she upgrade my room to the high 39th floor with a greet strip view .
(That was after one night that i stayed at the lower floor and all my staff was out from my luggage to the closets. )but then a bad situation went and seems like that when i packed my staff AGAIN to change rooms i forgut a tomi Hilfiger bag with 2 new shirts. Called lost and found but no luck.they said that nobudy turned it in ..i know its was in the first room 100%
I LOST. SOMEONE FOUND IT BUT NOTHING IN LOST AND FOUND
Im nut sure i will come again or recommend my frinds .They just changed the parking from being free to everyone  having to pay!!!! We used to love to come to the Aria as locals to go to the club or bars or just even to get an ice cream! Now never again!!! To park it's a nightmare! They have one way in and 2 ways out and the traffic and the wait to get to park or to leave the parking is absolutely terrible!!! We had literary to wait 30 min just to leave the parking garage!!! So disappointed.....The Aria is a beautiful property ruined by the most incompetent staff and management team I've ever seen run a major resort.  

The Aria was one of my favorite places to stay in Las Vegas, but the quality of customer service has reached such a low, that I don't feel comfortable staying there anymore. 

Have you ever met a really beautiful woman that was rude, demanding and abusive? Then you'll understand the Aria. An absolutely beautiful property run by 20 somethings that sincerely don't care about your satisfaction. I mean they truly don't care and they're not afraid to let you know that they don't care. 

I'm a high-end customer at this hotel opt-ing for for some of the nicer rooms on the property and the VIP services.  But you won't be treated like a VIP here no matter how much you spend. Every single interaction I had with the Aria staff ranged from incompetent to down-right rude. If you complain they will simply ask you if you would like to leave and go somewhere else. Honestly, I'm usually very forgiving when people make mistakes but rudeness like the rudeness found in the Aria staff and management team turns the 5 star resort into a 2 Star Motel 6. 

I suggest staying across the street at the Vdara, and walk over to the Aria if you want to visit the casino or one of their many restaurants. Bring your wallet though, a simple dinner here will run $200 per person, and no.. you won't feel like you got your monies worth. 

In regards to competence...  three calls to the concierge to book dinner reservations before I just went online to book it for myself. I was then called two days later (after I left the resort) and was told there were no more openings available. Lucky I made my own reservation online. 

We were promised VIP check in, but instead were dropped off by the hotel driver at the front door then left to stand in line for 30 minutes. When I complained to the manager on duty about the long wait for "VIP" check-in, his response was  "maybe you should stay somewhere else". 

There are several other examples of poor service, but I think you get the idea. 

With all of the options in Las Vegas why would you waste time and money where only rudeness and arrogance can be purchased?  There are many other 5 star options in Vegas that offer much better service and a better value. This beautiful property has the managerial maturity of a 18 year old narcissist and the competence of a 18 year old high school drop out. 

Shame on you Aria for ruining such a beautiful place by hiring such an incompetent and arrogant group of employees.   This pretty girl of a property is just too much maintenance for me. I would strongly suggest staying elsewhere.  

Final calculation.. 
Resort - 4 Stars
Restaurant - 3 Stars (due to price)
Service - Negative 2 Stars

Final total 1.5 Stars, but we'll round it up to two stars in hopes that they get their act together.If you're looking for a hotel that has amazing, friendly staff, fast check-in times, awesome buffet and a billing department that's competent, the Aria is NOT the place for you. Let me set scene of my first few moments within this hotel and you be the judge if you'd stay here! 

Upon arriving, we entered the check in line around 10:15pm. There was a shorter line of about 5 people in front of us. The line moved quickly, we started talking to our check-in women within about 10 minutes. Since we decided to extend our stay by one night we actually had two reservations that the girl had to merge into one. This took her 15 minutes to do. Which is fine, I understand that part takes a while. She seemed to have an issue finding a room that we could stay in for that additional night, but after another 10 minutes she had our key cards ready and suggested the bellmen take our bags to our room since our friends were waiting for us to go out. We did this, as at the time it seemed the fastest thing to do. Once we met up with our friends, we decided we needed to change our outfits for our plans, so we head to our room. We had booked the deluxe King room, but we were assigned a room with two full beds. This was not ok. And also no bags yet in our room. It had been about ten minutes since dropping them off. We called down to the front desk and the woman replied saying she had a different room we could move directly to, and she would notify the bellmen to redirect our bags. Once we make our way to our new room, the key card doesn't work. So we head back down to the lobby, where we ask to talk to a manager. We have to tell our story to the first, to a new front desk girl so she could turn around and tell the manager who was standing directly behind her. It was now past 11pm, still no room and no bags. She reassigns us a room, after telling us we couldn't have been that hassled and also that the bellmen won't just leave our bags in our room. This was news to us since both the precious front desk girl and the bellmen said they would leave the bags in our room. The manager told us no, they won't leave the bags without us in the room. If I had known that, I would have taken my bags to my room myself. So now, we finally have new key cards and head to our room after more than one hour of being in the hotel! We were fairly mad about such a hassle. The manager didn't seem to care at all, she did give us an extra room credit for our trouble but was not friendly or caring at all!
 We stayed here for three nights, the room it's self was ok, just like any hotel in Vegas. The pool is nice if you arrive early to get a chair in the shade, the prices are crazy expensive though so be aware of that. We also tried out the buffet at The Aria and wow, so gross! For $42 you would expect fresh food. No! Most of the signs above the food were labeled wrong, and if the food wasn't cold, it looked like it was reheated and sitting out for a while. Very gross, barely ate anything! 
Upon checking out and viewing my bill I noticed they billed me incorrectly and didn't apply my room credits correctly. I talked to the concierge about it and they said I would have to wait in the "check-in" line which was about an hour or more long in order to talk with the manager. I told her I didn't have time for that, we were flying out and I've wasted enough time waiting around for the hotel to do their job correctly the first time. She understood and went to talk to the manager herself. Took all of two minutes for her to talk to the manager and the bill was fixed.  What a hassle! Everything about this place was a pain in the butt. I will never stay here again. The staff, they do not care about that either. The manager basically told me that with 4,000 rooms, and mine not being a suite or a high price room they don't care about me or how I feel about my stay. Noted, won't be coming back!I wish I could give zero stars super disappointed this time. I stayed there on Monday, February 13-Tuesday, February 14 evening. After we checked into the Aria Suites we couldn't find our room. The lady that we checked in with had us running around on the 32nd floor. Thank goodness we saw some workers who helped us find our correct room. The lady at check in put the wrong room number down. So after we found our room it smelled in the room. The rooms are suppose to be non-smoking. Obviously, a "guest" before us smoked in the room and they didn't filter it out. The tv wasn't working in the living room too. So by paying all this money to stay in the nicer suite I was completely disappointed this time. Every time I stayed at the Aria it wasn't bad. I don't know who was the manager on duty was but they did not put the right people in the right place. Very disappointed. The only person who fixed these problems was Tristen at the front desk on Monday evening. He made sure everything was taken care of. Also, ordered room service in the morning and I didn't get all of the food I ordered. They apologized and never came to bring that food. Very disappointed again. We had late check out and that wasn't communicated to the housekeeping lady and she was there when we were trying to get our stuff together to get to the airport. I felt that the customer service was horrible! If I'm going to spend money to stay in a nicer suite then I would rather take my business elsewhere. I love staying at the Aria and now I'm not sure because of this experience. I complained at the front desk when checking out and they said "I'm sorry." Didn't offer a room comp for next time or anything.Five star hotel, paid $1,100 extra for a nice room, of which, bathtub is listed in the amenities, and upon check in we were told there was no tub. We are on our honeymoon and that was 90% of the reason we went with a nice hotel, we wanted romantic baths, etc. Waste of money. Not nice enough to warrant the extra money.Horrible service, low level rooms relative to the price paid; old and mid size towels , sometimes that I would not expect from a hotel that claims to be a luxury one. There was a stool in the pool and they didn't even bother to take the people out of the pool.  Found a drink leftover in our minibar and they failed to clean our room until 6pm. 
Wouldn't recommend this place to any of my friend.For usually such an awesome hotel, my last visit turned into a "I will never stay here again".  Warning, if you choose to pick the Tower Suites and you have more than one room, you will not be close to your friends.  Our rooms were horrible!  The a/c was not up to my standards and my bedroom never cooled down, I ended up trying to nap on the couch.  My view was of the roof (right outside my window) and some ugly mustard yellow building.  My friend's room would make you claustrophobic  We decided to check out early because the rooms were so bad.  Be prepared if  you valet parked your car for Tower Suites that you will not pick up your car where you dropped off.  You will have to traverse across the parking lot with your luggage if you were like us and just wanted out of there.  Was not a well thought out place to put valet parking.  My tip would be stay in the Sky Suites (if you can afford them) or stay in their regular rooms.  Unfortunately for my friend and I they did not have any Sky Suites available.  DO NOT book a Tower Suite! We tried to work out details with the concierge and the manager but to no avail. The best part about Aria is Javier's.  The food and service is superb!They did a great job at this hotel unless you want to cash in money at the cage.  I've been here dozen times and every single time there are 5-10 people in line and way too few cashiers.  The wait is insane.  

I've heard about trying to keep labor down but what they do here at the cage is terribke for customer service. I try not to gamble here because of it.  

Today I waited 15 mins to see a cashierJust spent 4 days at Aria, we came in with a convention and had really high expectations of the "upscale" Casino.  On our arrival, we immediately notice that the Casino's air filtration was not as good as the Wynn or Bellagio.  When we arrived in our room, the TV had a rolling message that the cable was disconnected, I called the front desk and they informed me that the TV service had gone down the day before and they were working on it(this was on Thursday and we left on Sunday and it was never fixed).  Several of the lights in the room didn't work as well.  

I'm giving it 2 stars, one for the mattress which was very comfortable and the second for the brunch we had at Bardot Brasserie, which again was amazing.  

We've stayed at several hotels on the strip, and the Aria did not live up to the billing.  There were more little signs that this hotel was lacking in upkeep.  So my suggestion is that if you can stay here at a discounted rate, you can find enough good to enjoy. If you are paying regular price, you are going to be sorely disappointed.Thanks for the copy and paste message MGM resorts it really makes customers feel appreciatedI will never stay at Aria again. There was an hour wait just to get our room. Once getting to our room our heater didn't work, room service was an hour and half late. My kids were starving! Horrible experience!poor poor customer service they charge for everything even if you drink a bottle of water in the room they charge $9 for it i checked in early just 1 hour early they charged me $35 for it and the next day room key was not working i called them they said you come to the customer service and we'll give you the new key and i waited there for 45 minutes before i got the key..... worst worst customer service ... never stay at that hotel...So if you look at my other reviews, you'll notice I'm pretty generous with my critiques and stars. You'd have to commit a major offense to get a 1 star rating from me... Aria achieved that with flying colors right when we arrived for a girls weekend. 

We check in and this seems to go well, with the front desk clerk telling me that our room will be ready in a "couple of minutes" because "they're just finishing up cleaning it" but he proceeded to tell us that we are on the 16th floor, he will just text me the room number. He gave us 4 keys that he said would automatically be programmed for our room. 

Given that the room will be ready in a "couple
of minutes" we didn't want to leave the hotel to explore the strip or find a place to eat. Logic told us that since we were getting our room asap, it would be awesome to just get our stuff from the bell desk asap to freshen up before we did anything crazy. 

We went to the 16th floor expecting there to be a bench or sitting area near the elevator (there wasn't). We waited and waited but no text. 

That was fine so we opted to go to the promenade area where there was a Starbucks, I even told my friends to see what the pool situation was like while I waited at the Starbucks with some of our stuff. Still no text. It was becoming clear that the "couple of minutes" was BS. 

After what seemed like forever of frustration - waiting, calling the front desk to see what our
room number was, telling us we didn't have a room yet, putting us on hold, telling us we were not on the 16th floor so where did we get that info, putting us on a longer hold, speaking with the manager, and getting an apology for the miscommunication - we got directed to the 24th floor. They told us the keys we already have in our possession were programmed for our new room (a higher floor, yes, but not an upgrade). 

We go to the 24th floor, and by this time it's an hour and a half after check in, and of COURSE our keys don't work. So we go downstairs to the front desk, where they gave us new keys. Wtf right now. How many more runarounds are we going to go through in this hotel. 

It was such a sour beginning to what was expected to be a pretty sweet trip. After that everything about the Aria annoyed us, from the bell desk taking their time delivering our belongings, to the fact that Lyft doesn't pick you up where valet is, you have to go to the back of the hotel. 

We were told that the hotel was completely full which resulted in this little snafu. But here's the thing ... If the first front desk person just told us that, then we could have used the first two hours to do something with our time rather than waiting on their text and calling management. Telling us it'll be a "couple of minutes" was a poor choice on their part and could be fixed with some serious training. 

The employees here have to be aware that almost all their guests are coming to Vegas from far away locations and have a limited time there. If the rooms not ready, don't cover your ass and say one will be available soon. Maybe recommend a place to eat or wait while you guys get everything together. Or if you know you're fully booked, let  your waiting guests know via text or phone call that it'll take longer for the room to be ready? So many ways to avoid a frustrating situation and Aria failed miserably. 

Needless to say, I won't be returning here anytime soon.A few notes in response to ARIA for the readers to consider:

1) We spoke with a manager there so they were informed how things were handled in hopes that others don't go through what we did.

2) They removed 2 of our 3 days of resort fees. One might have thought they would do all 3, but we didn't want to argue or be difficult and so we just said thanks and tried to go enjoy the rest of our stay.

3) Upon checkout, we got charged a $25 fee for putting leftovers in the minifridge. The woman who checked us out removed a drink that was triggered from our bill, but she refused to remove the charge for putting something in the fridge, though it was an honest mistake and we didn't see any signage about fridge use. She basically said, hey there was a sign (though she couldn't tell me where in the room it was, just that it was there), and that it was our fault for not seeing it.

4) I've never complained about the service at a hotel before, but the way everything was handled made us feel like we didn't matter and even when they were attempting to be accommodating, it's clear they still wanted to squeeze whatever they can out of you. :/Once you pay for your reservation, plan to pay for everything other than the bed once you get there.
Waited in a TJ Max-like line for 30 minutes to check in with my reservation. They add a $35 resort fee to your room rate.Its my first time staying at Aria and everything was pretty good until our first night.
My girlfriend and I woke up in the morning around 830am feeling itchy so we got up and turn on the light and found a bug in our bed.  We aren't sure if it's bed bug or not but the little guy does looked it a bed bug.
We freaked and call front desk to have someone to come and help.  The lady was rude and like ok someone from housekeeping will come.  After 20 mins , no one showed up so I called again and another guy name Anthony answered the phone and I told him the situation and we had waited 20mins and no one had showed up.  He gave me a big *sigh* and said well the request was only put in 4 minutes ago so someone will be there shortly.  I was like wtf as I've called about 20mins ago and he argue back and said nono the log on shows you only called 4 mins ago..blah blah blah.
I was like just send someone up asap pls.  Then I waited another 20mins ...no one came so I called front desk again and spoke to Anthony and I was piss off this time and he put me on hold and transfer me to a front desk manager (Lenard), he was nice and apologize for the way how his staff was not giving good service but I said I've waited over an hour now and I cannot sleep and can't leave the room as I've been waiting for their team to show up .  He quickly said he will send someone up right away.  I then waited another 30 mins and still no one show up.
At the end I've waited over 2 hours for security to come up so I can file a statement about a bug on   my bed.
After all that problem that ruin my whole morning, all Aria did was give me $50 credit, I mean how insulting !!! I thought Aria was a nice reputable hotel and would treat guest better than just give you $50 for a bed bug issue.

The day after, I was trying to talk to the front desk manager again (Lenard) and he never return my calls, I left couple of memos with his staff to ask him to give me a call.  He never once return my call at all.

Really bad experience with the service at Aria probably won't stay here again because of the service.This hotel is ok - it's not near what I expected from a newer hotel. The room was ok, the shower had zero water pressure, there is not a coffee pot in the room - how do they expect people to wake up after a night in Vegas and make it to the coffee shop in the morning. The buffet for breakfast is good, the lunch was just ok. For the money it's not worth it at all. The pool area is just ehhh. We got tickets to go to the pay area, had to trash my bottles of water I just bought only to walk in to no seats that didn't cost extra so we walked right back out. The mojitos were good and $32 for a large is steep but it's Vegas and I expected that. 

This part below is from a previous visit to Aria. My friend and I walked in to the Aria and she stepped into a spilled drink and slipped and fell and hit her knees on the floor. I asked an employee for help and he stood there ignoring me. I went to find security and they took a report but never did anything for her. I would have expected them to follow up and make sure she was ok.My sister booked the room online and they said that the check-in time is 3:00 p.m. We came at 3:15 but after getting in a long line, they told us that they hadn't cleaned the room yet. We waited  more than 2 hours but they hadn't gave us the room. Then, thy told that the room we booked is unavailable and they don't give us the room we want. We also asked them to change back the room after they clean the room but they said that they don't have responsibility to keep the room for us. While they charged us for the queen room. I have never met the situation like this before in other hotels in  Las Vegas. Such a worst service ever. I won't never been back in Aria hotel.Pros: Newer casino with some good elements. Rooms are so-so nice. Wasn't really impressed with the tech that worked rickety. 

Cons: There are too many to write for a short review. 

Aria is anything but a luxury casino, except the price. The designers of the Aria failed to create truly a luxury casino. They couldn't even build the Harmon Tower right in which they had to implode. For a while they had the heat wave with the sun reflecting off the windows. 

My vision of luxury is beauty, art, and comfort like The Bellagio. Aria has too much concrete and asphalt. The view out of the enormous windows at the breakfast restaurant faces cactuses and valet pick up. Far from the beautiful pool area or gardens you see at other luxury casinos. 

The casino floor is lacking and design elements don't make sense. 

The resort fees are outrageous and now they charge a parking fee of $18/day. Valet took me 28min to get my car and I had to make my way to a lower level to get there. Automated valet machines are tacky, not classy. 

Restaurants are decent but way overpriced. 

You'd do much better at The Bellagio, Wynn, or any of the other luxury casinos. Casinos that were designed right and are truly luxury.I don't even know where to begin... My wife and I checked into Aria for the iHEART radio festival. The line was not very long but it took intirely too long to check in and receive our room keys.  We then found our room filthy...it wasn't even vacuumed. We were exhausted therefore we called it a night.   The next day, we decided to get a massage from a nice credible resort and spa. We checked in @ 3:45 and our massages were @ 4. Treatments were average at best. HERE is were the real problem began... My wife's WEDDING  ring and her ROLEX were stolen out of her 4 digit code locker during the treatment.  $$$$$ dollars stollen instantly.   As soon as we found the items missing, we immediately headed to the women's check in.   It felt like an eternity before sucurity showed up. I insisted to pull the video for check in and start doing an audit on who was in and out of the spa during that time.  Nothing happend on their part...absolutely no urgency.  Our chance to recover her goods deminshed every second that we waisted. They kept assuring me that their risk department would handle this first thing on Monday due to them being closed on the weekend. I also believe that they were simply trying to get us out of there.  We traveled back home and called them first of the week. I spoke to Katrina at the risk management department. She assured me that they were looking into the incident but yet Katrina had not received or gone over the report.  More time wasted.... every second waisted was a direct loss of our items. A controlled environment with security cameras everywhere and their response 4 days later was that "We have no liability from the situation." This is 100 percent wrong! They made zero effort to recover our goods! On the day of the incident, I went back to the spa 3 times to see if there was a sign stating that they were not responsible for lost or stolen items.... There was absolutely NO SIGN!!!  So how did my wife's sentimental jewelry go missing???? That is the question?!!! Al, a manager of risk management, assured me that there was a documented time stamp of every time the digital locker was opened.  I continued to ask him what time the locker was opened during our massages? Al could not answer the question!!!!! I then asked him about a possible inside job.  Al assured me no one had access to the master code. I then asked him who his boss was...he was reluctant on giving me Peter's contact information (general manager of risk management). I was transferred again... and Peter pick up my call.  I spent another 20 minutes of arguing and trying to look for some type of simpathy and solution. He basically told me they have zero liability on this...and there was NOTHING they could do. Moral of the story, Aria resort and spa gets the worst rating! I have never posted a review on any company. Whether the staff stole our items or they magically disappeared, Aria at the very least,  should be liable for half of our lost!!! I strongly discourage anyone wanting to stay at their hotel. Your items will be stolen and you will be dealing with risk management when you are at home.  My next step is getting my attorney involved and then contacting iHEART radio on their convention!  I will get them to change venues next year and Aria will lose Millions of dollars of revenue over a relatively small number for a multi billion dollar casino.  It's a good thing I spend hundreds of thousands of dollars on their radio stations over the country! I am POSITIVE I can...and I WILL get them to relocate next year! TERRIBLE customer service...TERRIBLE situation... TERRIBLE!!!I have been to aria hotel today . do not pick this hotel , service is simply horrible . Always lying about how fool is the hotel to give you a shitty room or rise up prices !!!! Horrible .  a 5 star star hotel!!!! Please !!!! Nothing is 5 stars at aria . Pass go to Wynn or encore !!!Various lighting in the room didn't work and wasn't fixed during our stay. The refrigerator is filled with for purchase items that if moved you will be charged for... i.e. there is no refrigerator for you're own drinks or leftovers. Carpet smell rank throughout. Customer service and wait staff not very polite nor helpful.

Pools and gym close super early. In other words, it appears they have other ideas on how you should be spending your time and $$$.I decided to book my birthday stay here even though it would cost me about $600. Why not treat myself right? Nope. For the amount I paid the room was disgusting. Black pubic hair in the soap dish where you clean your hands and dirty fingerprints all over the dresser. I would rather pay half the price  at Mandalay Bay where every time I've stayed there it's spotless.HORRIBLE CASINO!!!! I was playing the Roulette machines and supposedly the machines were updated 4-5 days ago. Well, why the hell am I the guinea pig for bogus machines? All I kept doing was pressing ONE button, which was "repeat bet" & the machine froze. Then what happens? The next four numbers I play had hit. I lost out on $200+!!!! I'm sooooo irritated. I kept pressing the "call for attendant" button and NOBODY came. My cousin had to seek out a guy in a suit, named Frank. He finally helped us but we had to initiate the help, & he admitted that sometimes the call attendant button is hit for no reason or because drinks are needed. Well, then what's the point of the call attendant button? At least ask if help is needed! Nobody came. I lost out at 4 numbers that hit, and then another floor manager, Rudy, gives me $25 credit. NOT good enough!!!  

I will never play there again! It gets negative stars!Ten minutes just in pulling into the garage. Leaving, well that even gets better (insert sarcastic font).  Eighteen minutes on line to just pull out of the garage. This was yesterday, a Tuesday afternoon. I met friends for lunch who were staying at Aria. 
Let's get this straight. I must wait a total of thirty minutes for parking, pay for parking just so I may go into the establishment and spend more money. Scratching my head.Service is bad in some of there department! The front desk is rude and not being helpful to the guest. When I check in, there is no greeting and she just gave me the room key without telling me the direction to the room and assume I know everything... After stayed, I lost something in the room and they did not found it. However, the concierge and housekeeping department is really nice and helpful.First and last time here! Check in staff was very nice, room was clean and super nice and cleaning staff...all very nice as well. One evening, we decided to go to the cab stand at the hotel to catch a taxi to our show at another hotel. The doorman that was working the stand was extremely rude and treated us as thought we were  beneath his assistance. He completely ignored us in order to service as he told us 'the VIP guests staying at the hotel towers'. While I understand that towers hotel guests get some sort of priority, but was it necessary to throw it in my face? Shouldn't all hotel guests be treated with respect and dignity? After that awful experience, we came back to our room at the end of the evening and asked to speak to a manager regarding our experience and he said he would have the facility manger contact us the next day to discuss the matter...it's almost 630 pm and we haven't heard from anyone. Very disappointing since this is a 5 star hotel...oh Aria, I expected so much more of you and let me down.Quite mediocre. After a 30 minute wait just to check in, the staff were very unhelpful and in aware of customer service . The aria strikes me as the McDonald's of hotels, a study in how to do a lot of things, but nothing very well.The Aria is one of the many "Resort & Casino" hotels in Las Vegas -- the one factor that sets it apart is the high tech automation in all the rooms which automatically adjust curtains, turn off unused lights and electronics, and regulate the temperature when a guest enters or leaves a room, Aria was described in Popular Mechanics as possibly "the most technologically advanced hotel ever built" -- and it is, when you figure out how to access the tech and when that tech actually works.  Each room comes with a tablet to control the features (but, of course, no instructions). Most rooms offer spectacular views of the city - provided you can find the command to open the curtains and that it works (you can't just open them by hand).  ALL the lights are controlled by the computer, as are the heat and air conditioning.  When everything works right, this is great - during our group's stay at the Aria most of our rooms had various problems with the computer controlled lights and room temperature - always problems that the hotel staff were completely unable to resolve because they don't have any software technicians working at night.   Even with the myriad of admittedly small problems (like the lights coming on in the middle of the night) the Aria's rooms are palatial.  In fact, everything about the Aria is palatial -- especially the prices.  First of all, forget the room rates published on all the websites because like nearly all hotels in Las Vegas they quote an astonishingly low room rate, but tack on a mandatory "Resort Charge" that isn't included in the listed room rate.  The hotel has several excellent restaurants - expect to pay at least $50 per person per meal (not per day) to eat anywhere at the Aria.  Like any tourist hotel has a couple of gift shops where you can pick up something for the folks back home -- and at all such shops in Las Vegas, the prices are high - but at the Aria, the closest thing to gift shops sell only designer label clothes.  The Aria can be a great hotel for its intended clientele, but if you are reading reviews here you probably aren't part of that clientele.Was really excited to stay at this resort after hearing great things from friends and family. Upon check in we were greeted by a friendly face and given our room keys. My brother and I had connecting rooms - since we were in town for his bachelor party. Upon getting settled into my room we noticed a few issues. First, one of the sinks was completely clogged, being that we are guys it wasn't the end of the world as we could use the other sink. Second, we noticed the Privacy button was not working. Last, the TV was having issues with the picture not turning on (which after playing with the panel we figured out how to make it work). I reported these issues 3 times during my Thursday-Sunday stay. Twice with housekeeping who informed me they would contact their supervisor and get the sink/privacy button fixed right away, and a 3rd time with a member at the front desk who wrote down the issues with the room. I did not want to change rooms because it was very confident being connected to my brother and friend. Overall the resort itself was nice and had plenty to do, but the hotel service was slacking for a AAA Four Diamond Hotel. I really really wanted to give a better review or talk better to friends/family about it, but these little things add up (especially after bringing it to staff attention 3 times)Me and My Husband stayed here the first week if Feb! I got a letter in the mail to stay here for $69 a night and u still taxes! We go to Valet Park our car for 2 days did not know it would be $18! We go to get our room no one said it would be more Resort cost $30 plus taxes cost to! We well not go stay there again the hole 2days cane out to be $333.00 +$36.00 for our car!ARIA STAFF STOLE FROM ME. THEY HAVE THIEVES WORKING IN VALET. I visited Aria yesterday, we went to eat at the buffet before we headed home to San Diego. We used the valet as we had used at all our stops in Vegas. Sadly, the valet stole a personal item from vehicle while we had lunch at the buffet. Along with all my luggage was a piece of blown glass in a padded pouch. This item was brand new and cost me $65 two month ago, it was a gift for my boyfriend. we had just loaded it into the vehicle before driving to aria and that was the only stop we made. it was clear once I got home and unloaded my luggage that my item was stolen while in the Valet. All I could do was file a report over the phone with the security staff. If my item is returned or if I am reimbursed I will update this post, but as of right now they have not contacted me. I highly recommend avoiding this casino because your personal items will be riffled through and possibly stolen. Also, lunch cost us $85, valet cost us $20, with $65 I lost, the total cost of one lunch trip was $170. I will never bring my business to Aria again.Prices are horrible. Paid $58 for basic toiletries. $10 for toothpaste. $20 for a disposable razor. I expect prices to be elevated in vegas but these are items offered free at any other luxury hotel and many mid-tier properties. I stay all over the world and this was the worst i have seen. Also no prices on anything so they know they are overpriced and that most guests will be hesitant to deny the sale at the register. Shame on you Aria/MGMVery bad experience, we got here at 2.30 pm but have to wait for the room for 6 hrs and got the smoking room instead, very very disappointed!!!!!Very Beautiful and elegant Hotel .but the same time is a very discusting Service. 
U have to wait an hours to find a server  They are only running around a black jack tables .cus they TIP well .but anyhow. 
I spend around  $ 3000 for my  last stay .and very disappointed cus of service and a security staff super rude .I stayed at the Wynn .which waaaaaay more better .and at least the employees are nice to u ..Just had to write this review because I was too disappointed in this hotel! Let's start by saying I love Vegas and there are several hotels that are good to stay in but then again I really don't recommend staying at ARIA. Hotel pricing is decent, pool is ok but small, gym is small and gets crowded with old folks ,rooms are small and don't expect a big layout, and some feature don't work or aren't up to date,hotel layout definitely is wack and customer service is shit! Is definitely SHIT!!!!! Lol  only ok thing I can say about this hotel is really nothing. Spend your cash at another hotel if you must!Zero stars wouldn't unrate enough to express my experience.   First room wasn't what I booked, nor was the second.  The bed was at maximum firmness.  Extremely uncomfortable King bed.  An attendant in the ladies room found girlfriends phone and dunked it in the toilet.  Security wouldn't even write a incident report number on the form she completed until she demanded one.  Each of the front desk staff members hustled us making it very hard to get a room and find the right room.  One gal I finally complained to arranged a new mattress brought up after one thirty in the morning. They were rude and abhorrent otherwise.  We will not return again.  I will be sending this and more detailed information to Better Business Bureau.Never had such bad service in Vegas especially when you pay so much for a hotel. You would think it has the best service being so expensive. ($24 for 2 coronas WTF)
Where do I begin, we arrive at one of the entrances and they have no bail hop so we had all this luggage to carry. RUDE! Then only one room was available which was fine so we waited until we got paged that the room is ready and we get our keys and head up to find the room not made and all the dirty sheets in the bathroom all bundle.
We requested better service since we waited longer than usual. We did get a $150 credit and the $40 resort fee waive, Thanks..
The service at the pool sucked tremendous. We had two cabanas and two waitresses... Which were no where to be found, finally they show up and took them 45 min to bring the drinks which at the same time we decided to head to the bar since they were taking forever and got 2 full buckets of beer in under 20 min..WTF...After the waitress came with the drinks..they both were never seen again...
The place is extremely expensive for the shitty service. All though staff was friendly and helpful just seemed they needed more personnel. Either lower your prices or higher more personnel for quicker and better service. NOT worth the price.I just returned from my trip to Las Vegas. My husband and I stayed at ARIA Resort & Casino. One star for convenience/location. One star for the interactions with housekeeping/concierge. I feel compelled to share my experience booking directly from ARIA's website so that others who are considering a stay at ARIA can make an informed decision. 

I made a reservation through ARIA's website October of 2016 for a deluxe king room and my reservation summary states that the reservation total was $661.92. I was charged $133.28 at the time of the booking. The amount due upon check-in was clearly listed as $528.64. Keep in mind room rate subtotal, savings applied, adjusted subtotal, taxes, resort fee and tax were all laid out before calculating the total amount due upon check-in. After completing mobile check-out, I received my check-out folio via email. First, it listed the amount I paid during check-in was $536.78 instead of the $528.64 I was quoted when I made my reservation. I was then charged an additional $23.82 difference upon check-out. Nothing in the refreshment center was touched and the fridge was never opened as is evidenced by the lack of charges listed in my check-out folio. After some calculations, the discrepancy in price came from an increase in resort fee (which I was never notified about.) At the time of booking, in fine print it clearly reads "A daily resort fee of $35.84 (tax inclusive) will be applied to all reservations." Upon reviewing my check-out folio, the daily resort fee was $39.00 (tax exclusive). The amount of $5.22 for resort fee tax was added on each day. Although the difference wasn't a huge amount, it did leave a sour taste in my mouth and affected my view of ARIA Resort & Casino. It's a matter of principle. I find the practice of changing resort fees without notifying existing bookings unfair practice. Even if resort fees have changed since our booking, I feel that ARIA should still honor what the agreed upon terms were during booking. This is the FIRST time I've ever experienced this with any establishment. 

Yes, the resort and casino is conveniently located. However, I hope you would take my experience into consideration when booking so that you know you are making an informed decision. 

*I blocked out personal information, but both my reservation confirmation document and check-out folio can be located in photos for your review.*Go to Cosmopolitan! Thats all. 

Horrible customer service. Looking to take advantage of you. Aside from management and the rooms, everything is great. The rooms are outdated and the AC doesn't work. I stayed in a room at 83 degrees for 2 days. Management finally wanted to remedy the situation at midnight ( once they collected for a "no show") cheesy and tacky. Don't waste your time. Go to cosmopolitan or Encore. Venetian is nice too for the same price.I live in Vegas and we bring in a lot of business clients. Many times last minute. I called so place my card of the reservation so my guest would not have to pay upon arrival and company policy is they can not except same day credit card authorization form. Now I have to take 1.5 hours out of my weekend to drive down to the strip to pay for the room. I have better things to do. I will not be booking guest here in the future, sorry to say.Terrible check in experience! Room was not avail until mid afternoon and the suite we got was quite small for the value we paid. This suite is a corner suite and it's a third smaller than the regular sky suites. Plus, the check in experience was like getting the run around. It took a non front desk employee to actually tell a manager to give me specific time the room would be ready. Only then, within  a few minutes were we given our room keys. 
Then when we got to the room, the cable tv was not working and only local broadcast channels were available. The monitor flashed a message that no one is registered to this room even though my name is at the top of the screen! The pluses were that the limo driver was waiting for us at the airport and the bell staff knew my name already as I stepped out of the car. But that's the only positive experience so far. You cannot even charge to your room even though your room is not ready yet, unlike most other hotels in this category. Overall, I feel like I am in an Embassy Suite class hotel.Worst hotel ever ...they knock on your door like 3 times a day when your trying to sleep even though u have a sign on the door ...then upon checkout I paid with a different card my full balance ...and then they charged the card I used when I checked in as well. If being charged twice wasn't bad enough they gave my room away before I even checked out so my stuff was stolen from the room. Don't stay here !!! And the managers don't give a shit what happened to you.we usually stay at the wynn , but my husband wanted to try something different this time around so we decided to book our rooms with aria. The room was OK really nothing special about it , I had a really hard time getting ready considering there is no plugs in the bathroom and there is no way to do my make up most of the lightbulbs were not working in the room and the water was cold keep in mind it was 30 outside. my husband also set up a little surprised with the concierge for my birthday  which you paid $125 for ( for a bear some rose petals and a few candles) which were supposed to be set up in your room before we arrive back from dinner but when we did the room was still dirty and they did not set up anything which ruined the surprise .  overall not satisfied I will never be staying here ever again overpriced bad service and horrible rooms go stay at the Wynn or encoreMy first and LAST TIME staying at this hotel!
I made reservation for two nights online, for over 200$ per night including tax.  When I checked in, I was charged for another 78$ reservation fee, the front desk said it is for wifi and gym even I would never have time to use them. 
Then I put some fruit bowl I brought with me in the mini fridge in the room. The next morning I saw a tiny note next to the fridge that they will charge 25$ for guest putting our own stuffs in the fridge. 
It's ridiculous and I will never stay here again.I have to say that I used to love staying in the suites at the Aria but the last trip (first weekend of July 2016) was quite disappointing.  This time I was NOT in the Sky Suites and perhaps that is part of the problem.  The facility has become run down and dated.  The hallway carpets are worn with black tape all over them to seal the seams.  There is a musty smell.  My suite was large, nice and clean.  But the electronics kept failing.  And because of the fully integrated nature of how they have a single controller for all the room controls, it meant that I couldn't control the AC, Window Shades, or lighting.  I ended up taking all the bulbs out of the lamps to get to sleep.We are here at the Aria for 4 days this week because my husband has a convention to attend. First of all, the rooms have a refrigerator full of overpriced items to purchase with no room to place your own personal items like medication that needs to be kept chill. When we requested a room with an empty refrigerator, they increased our price by $50.00 more per night which also gave us a larger room that we didnt need. We only asked for a refrigerator. So what did we get for an extra $50 a night? A larger room with no micro or coffee machine, 2 refrigerators; one full of overpriced items to purchase and the other was empty, a view of the roof and part of the MGM hotel. Every morning I have to go downstairs to get coffee at starbucks which is already overpriced but because they're in the "Aria Hotel and Casino", I pay double the price. Oh did I mention that the room they gave us overlooks the roof. Im constantly seeing guys walking back and forth on the roof. Not sure if they're maintenance or not, but a bit creepy for me. Im studying so Im kinda stuck here in the room. I would have taken the microwave and coffee machine over the fancy electronics.
I can wipe my own bum thank you very much. I dont need a fancy toilet appliance to do it for me. I can also get up to close the curtains and turn off the lights. This isn't something that impressed me at all. We leave on Friday because they wouldn't honor the same price to stay until Saturday. The convention ends at 2:00 Friday and when asked to extend check out time, we were told that it would be another $40.00. We declined of course. So on Friday I'll have to hang out in the casino until the convention is over. We will be going someplace else Friday night, and will not be returning to the Aria hotel and casino again. The nicest people here are the ones cleaning your room. Gigi is a gem. She deserves a raise. 
Aria, you overdid it, but you put all your money on an area of interest that only impresses a certain population. You forgot about real convenience and choice. I am unexpectedly disappointed and I will be sharing this with my 39,000.00 blog followers and 452,000.00 facebook friends as well as they anxiously  await my review.  Im looking forward to your response.Just stayed here over Memorial Day weekend and, unfortunately, was disappointed. The room I had--16235--was not clean. It looked clean at first glance, but upon further inspection, was pretty gross. The bathroom toilet closet wall had a few small specs of what looked like blood, there was a large hairspray bottle cap left in the bathroom from a prior guest which means the bathroom was not really cleaned from the prior guest and was left there my entire stay. A piece of the light switch in the bathroom broke off just from me pressing it to shut the light. The gold comforter (which I know most hotels don't really clean) had white and/or some kind of speckled stains on it. (I do not even want to think about what it could be!) I was so uncomfortable in that room. It just felt disgusting. I felt like I was staying in a glorified motel room. The only plus is they let me check in early which is one of the reasons I didn't bother complaining. 

The main reason I stayed at aria was for the convenience, which I liked. I also liked the technology in the room--everything was electrically powered through an iPad-like device. However the hotel room itself was outdated and not really clean. I know most hotel rooms aren't really that clean but when there are blatant deviations from cleanliness and it's in my face, its hard to overlook. Also, the hallways smelled like weed the entire length of my stay and the pool felt like a wading pool--way too small and overcrowded.The two stars is based on my expectations vs. what we received.

First time staying at Aria this week.  3 night stay with wife and kids.  Wanted to see what all the fuss was about as this is purportedly one of the nicest hotels in Vegas.  To me, it was not all that.  Have enjoyed far better rooms / accommodations elsewhere. 

The casino = nicest in Vegas by far.  Looks different.  Not smokey.  Very high table limits but you know that going in.  Minimum bet on the double deck BJ is $100.

Getting in and out of self park is a nightmare.  Try google mapping what you have to do to drive into this place.  Ridiculous!  You have to enter from the other side of the freeway on Harman.

Parking is paid nowadays, not here to rant about that.  But if you are going to charge for parking you need to make sure there is not a long line of cars waiting.  Aria provides 1 lane in and out and a reversible middle lane they try to adjust as needed.  Not adequate for a property of this size.

I get the idea they are trying to discourage parking.  The self-park garage is a 15 min walk from the room.  You have to walk along side the casino games.  Garage is about as far away from guest elevators as it possibly can be.

Overall it is a fairly nice hotel room as it should be -- this is Aria.  Flat screen TV excellent.  Bed comfortable.

My first impression of room was frustration over not being able to turn on lights.  There are buttons instead of light switches.  So you have to squint in the dark to figure out what each button controls.  Okay, I get that it is high tech, but for me, was irritating.  Also, our bed had wiring so that the button controlled the wrong light (on the other side of the bed).  Even with all lights on the room is very dark.  The automatic curtain was a nice feature.

Bathroom is nice but only has room to hang one towel.  Shower water pressure was good.  

Minibar was a disaster for us.  We opened it and saw it was only half stocked (half empty).  Wife put a yogurt and couple other items in there.   Then it was "serviced" by the minibar people without our permission (came into the room).  I guess the yogurt we put in there triggered a red alert.   We were scolded in a handrwitten note for leaving items in the minibar.  Of course the bill had massive charges for minibar even though we didn't take anything out of it (not even temporarily, not even moved one inch).  When I called to complain they reversed those charges but insisted on charging us a minibar "service fee" of $25.  That was to have someone come stock the minibar properly, which they did not do before we arrived.   If they respond to this, it will say that fine print of whatever you sign upon check-in tells you you can't put anything in the minibar, which I'm sure is correct.

Another deal killer, the Wifi is slow.  Most of the time my laptop said "limited" when I was logged in.

Will not return to Aria.We are pretty disappointed with our stay here. While the hotel is beautiful, our room wasn't up to par. Sheets had a hole (pic attached), the table lamps didn't work, the TV was not working 3/5 days we were there (we had them come fix it once then gave up). Our walls had scotch tape all over them like the party before tied up streamers. The pool and gym both closed very early, and the room wasn't well stocked with things like mugs or basic toiletries. The hotel is beautiful but just not the level or experience we expected.Arrived at 1am. Checked into our room and it smelled so bad. It wreaked of cigars, cigarettes, and who knows what. Debated if she should call and switch rooms because we were so tired. We decided we were going to be able to rest and sleep well with that stench. Called front desk to double check we weren't assigned to a smoking room and they confirmed it is a smoke free room. Asked to switch rooms, waited over 30 minutes for someone to come rescue us with new key card for a new room. Mind you I talked to 3 people during this whole process and not one single person offered an apology. 

Finally got to the second room, guess what? The snack bar is completely a miss. No waters. Missing snacks. What is wrong with this place?

Funny thing, they have a scale and since my group of friends are doing a weight loss challenge, I thought it was perfect for the weigh in the following morning. Guess what? Oh that thing doesnt work. 

The last I stayed here was about 5 years ago. This plan has gotten beat up with poor maintenance. I wouldnt recommend staying here until management steps up their maintenance and service game. Not worth the $$$The worst customer service ever ,the girls on the front desk are very rude and unprofessional!!! We have been waiting for our room for 5 hours already ,5 hours!!!!!like really?after 6 hours flight !The only thing they are saying that the room is not ready cuz of the housekeeping . We are ready to go and clean by ourselves !!!!Aria hotel and resort is at best of one-star hotel. We checked in over memorial weekend
on a Sunday. We were given a free room through the program with Hyatt which was great-signed up. They told us it was a six-star hotel. We parked vallet-per night is expensive. We 
went to our room with our own luggage on the 21st floor facing the parking lot and the front view. The room was not clean, bathtub/shower was very strange--room was low ceilings and odd that the hall way leading from the elevator to the room was littered with garbage. I noticed this and said something that night to the concierge about the hall and room not being that clean. I woke up the next morning and found that the hall was still night clean-- had the day out of the room with a spa morning- my wife refused to go as being if the room and hallways were dirty-the spa she did not want to take a chance. I called again about all and nothing was done. We went to hear music and a show that night and came back and the hallway was still lettered with garbage from the same day. I called again as we were going to leave that night and night stay at the hotel for the free second night. Beware of free nights--they are not free. We had a terrible time-the dinner at the MASA's fancy bar restaurant--over $220 was good for very little portions (I do not think they will last at this hotel). We actually enjoyed Milos at the Cosmopolitan Hotel within walking distance for lunch (worth the pre-fix lunch). As we checked out the next morning, I complained about the room and hallway again for the fifth time that still was dirty from the Sunday-Tuesday morning checkout.  I would have taken a vacuum myself and done something to clean the hallway. Well, I wrote to the hotel about this eperience-they offered a free upgrade to a suite if I came back on another trip. They cannot get me to step foot inside that hotel ever again-it's run so poorly, no one pays attention to the details, and the hotel and casino are run poorly throughout. It was a terrible two-night stay (even for a free small and dirty room and hallway) that upset my wife and myself to no end. It's too bad that they think not paying attention to their guests is a good policy to bring you back.Currently staying at Aria. Booked a King Room and they've put me in a queen. Stayed here many times and am very clear that this is a Queen. The tablet does not work in the room. Spent 15 min just to get the front desk and the clueless girl working the front desk has "no idea" how long it will take for a replacement.
And the room is right next to the elevators. I can hear conversations word for word. How are these rooms not insulated from outside noise?!We came back for the great buffet they used to have ... terrible food, cold meats seems like they where cut since this morning. Seafood over cook, well salmon was all I eat , soups super salty and noodles hard ... extremely sdisappointed .
I finally decided to go to get some fruit, I tcan't be bad right ? 
Not worth $37.50. Needless to say it was a horrible experience . We came for dinner on a Monday.!I was attending a conference in Las Vegas and the organization chose the Aria Resort as their conference destination. This was my first visit to Vegas and I was excited to stay at an upper scale hotel. The room was nice however it was a little rougher than I expected. You could see the wear and tear in the halls and room. People can definitely be rough on things, especially when it is not their own. 

But that is not why I only rate it an Average. Upon waking up the first morning of my stay, I noticed that there was a sticky pad stuck to me. It was not mine. Obviously I was more than disgusted. I alerted management right away and although they were sorry for the situation, they did not do anything but apologize. They said they would change the sheets that evening, but when I arrived back to the room I noticed the same wear and tear on these sheets. I again alerted them to the problem and finally my last night there, I presume they changed the sheets ... I am guessing they did but the sheets did have a lot of wear on them. They did provide turn down service and left some a couple chocolates the final night.

I was surprised that they did not comp my first evening or offer some type of customer service compensation for my obvious disgust of knowing that their sheets were not cleaned and I had slept in them that way. Perhaps it is because I am not a gambler and was only there for a conference. I will say that I did receive messages from their assistant front desk manager but besides an apology, that is where it ended. Perhaps I should have been more assertive for asking for more than clean sheets.

Although I hope to return to Vegas one day to show my husband the town or perhaps attend another conference in the area, I do not know if I will spend my money at the Aria.

ThanksI would not considered Aria a premium brand casino based on basic premium expectations.  The phone in the bathroom is not sanitary, light switches are on the floor, and the toilet paper dispenser is missing a screw so it sits on the floor.  I can understand one of these thing happening but all of them at once is a poor reflection on the Aria brand.  I would not expect this from the Bellagio.  Other premium brands pay attention to the details.  This hotel is falling apart piece by piece due to being poorly serviced.  Get back to the basics Aria.Really??? $18 dollar valet.  I would encourage people not  to come here. What a joke. Don't waist your time or money. Pass every MGM property. You have options.Normally I would have given a high rating for the large room, updated and modern layout, and nice  views, but after getting a silly $9 refreshment fee for the second year in a row when I never touched the mini fridge is making me feel like there's a scam going on!  If that isn't wiped off my bill immediately I'm going to be making a lot of phone calls!Came to the Aria to celebrate my 21st birthday. Placed a deposit before I came, upgraded my room twice, etc. Overall the hotel is very nice. We stayed in the Tower Suites. Our issues came when we went to checkout. I looked over the bill after already being charged, to find over $200 of charges that shouldn't have been on there. That I had to take the time to catch and tell the people working. And if I hadn't, it never would've been caught & I would've gotten over $200 just charged because of their lack of care. When I told the woman working, she was helpful. However, when I came back AGAIN to have more charges explained, she was very annoyed, condescending, and talked to me like I was an idiot. She didn't explain well at all nor answer the questions I had clearly. It was clear to both my boyfriend and I that she was annoyed so it made us both uncomfortable. My boyfriend is an M-Life member and we spent a lot of money here this weekend and were still treated poorly over something that was the hotels fault. And something that should've been caught by the hotel & I shouldn't have had to spend my time doing or stressing over. Makes me hesitant to stay here again for fear of being treated like I'm stupid & to have my money wrongfully taken from me.I expected much more from Vegas. This hotel was nice but had lots of issues. Check in was a disaster and our room was ready late even though we had requested early check in several times. 

The pillows were lumpy and the fitted sheet was just a regular sheet tucked under the mattress so it kept coming out. 

There was construction on the other side of my room one morning at 10am. Loud hammering

It took forever to get toothpaste or anything from the front desk. They wanted $150 for a mini fridge!

There were NO pool chairs after 11am on the weekend... 

The water at the spa was completely empty in the middle of the day. 

I think that sums it up!Staying at this hotel was the worst decision that I have ever made.  I thought that staying at a 5 star hotel would give you a great service!!! Well I was completely wrong!!! We stayed there for 2 nights and from day one we requested housekeeping to come and clean our room, but no one cared enough to come!!! I was able to speak to a manager after trying to get hold of her several times.  She was very rude and was trying to put the blame on me!!! The only good thing about this place was the pool.  I will never try this hotel again.Biggest mistake was to stay here when we have plenty of other good hotels. The first impression itself was the disappointment due to the parking charges for guests. $18 per day for valet and $10 for self park even when you are staying at the hotel. Cheapest thing I have ever seen. The refrigerator was the second one, things inside are chargeable which is fine but if you put your own drink inside, then that is also chargeable. You CANNOT USE the refrigerator for your own drinks. Also you don't get even a single complimentary water bottle in a room which is $250 per night off season. I would recommend staying in Wynn or Bally's at the same price.This should be 1 star But the friendly staff make it a 2 star. (Always would give Aria 5 star ) Went by the from desk to try an up tain a room key That would work in thier parking garage Way to long of a line twice we did this Finally sometime after ten thirty  We restood in line 20 minutes to have to wait ten minutes for the guy to run off and find us a key card that would work. Thank goodness it did so another 30 minutes of my life standing in line to have someone or something do their  job right or product work correctly. This more than likely will be our last trip here.This is a terrible hotel. Stay some where else. We had paid for our room ahead of time. The person that paid was not present when we showed up. My name was on the room but because he was not there they would not let me in the room.

She called and verified that I am who I am and that the person who paid for the room had me on the account.

Even after that verification she would not let me in the room, so she made us cancel the room. And separately charge the room on my card.

This makes no sense. If the room has been paid for and my name is on it why are you not letting me in

If you are forcing me to put the room on my card, why are you even bothering to verify my identification and that I'm allowed in the room. This is not a tough issue.Completely baffling how what used to be a fine and world class establishment has fallen to pieces. 

I cite, as one example, *ONE* only valet attendant working on *July 4th weekend*. 

Are you freaking kidding me?!?! More than 45 minutes to get a car Sunday night. Sickeningly corrupt and inept. 

Shame on you, Chad, the alleged manager of this inept facility (that's the name I was given by the clerk as someone to complain to).

Plus, adding insult to injury, they charge me $25 for this belligerently bad service.Beautiful hotel but way over priced 261 for a night stay plus 150 dlls that gets refunded. But 42 dll resort fee  and also they charge you for everything in the room after paying almost 300 for night !!! There's a mini fridge inside the room completely stocked up that charges you 25 dlls per item .. mind you they are 50 cent soda cans Red Bull's and other items 25 dlls each item you take out the fridge !!!! Mind you these things are sensored and if removed for more than 6 sec you are automatically charged !!!! Nice hotel but we could of gotten better for that price !!! I stayed at MGM signature tower 2 before and it was perfect better than this hotel that's forsureAt first glance, the aria Hotel and Casino looks fine. The room looked nice enough. But upon further inspection, it's more like a turd with a good paint job. The shower had moldy grout and there was a thin layer of grime over everything in the bathroom, like it had been cleaned with a dirty rag. The room smelled faintly of cigarettes and it obviously hadn't been dusted thoroughly. The casino floor is dead. No energy at all. And be prepared to get out your wallet, because they miss no opportunity to charge you for whatever they can get away with. You can't find a lousy cup of coffee for less than $4. And avoid all of the restaurants in the hotel. They go from bad to marginal. The Aria Cafe is like eating at Denny's but the bill comes to $50 for 2. Julian Serrano Tapas was awful. Lemongrass was okay. All in all, a disappointing experience.I stayed here for three nights this past weekend.  This was either my 4th or 5th time staying at the Aria.  On this occasion I stayed in a room with Queen sized beds with a view of the strip.  This room like all of the others was sleek and modern with a ton of gadget controlled features like all of the room controls being on a tablet and the curtains and sheers able to be opened and closed with a button.  It's beds were comfortable and all of the employees were curtious whenever you walked by.  My concerns with the room on my past visit was that the first night we were there we were awoken at 4:40 AM by a bellhop who was there to pick up our luggage.  You would think at that time of the morning that he would have double checked that he had the right room?  Then my second issue with our room was our room keys.  I am not really sure what was going on but we ended up with multiple keys that wouldn't work on our door.  It was frustrating. 

The casino at the Aria is one of the newest on the strip and it shows being nice and also one of the most expensive. We played a number of games there during our stay since our hotel rooms were right upstairs.  It was only natural that is also where we would place some sport bets since we always had to return there.  However I can't say that I recommend their sports book.  When open there aren't really any problems but look out if it is closed and you have to go the cages to cash a ticket.  I tried to cash a ticket there this morning. Since I was leaving at 7:40 for the airport and the sports book didn't open until 8 it was my only option.  I went down at 7 and was the only person in line.  The cashier tried to get the sports book machine working and could not.  I explained my predicament and she told me I could mail it in.  Why if I am standing in your casino at the cashiers would I want to take my ticket home and mail it in?  So I asked for the supervisor.  She tried a little bit harder but was also ultimately unsuccessful in trying to cash the ticket and encouraged me to mail it in as well.  No thanks.  Eventually they found out the lady opening the sports book would be in at 7:30 and she thankfully opened up just to cash me out.  Seriously though 30 minutes to cash a ticket?  That was both disappointing and frustrating.

The bottom line for me is that yes the Aria is a really nice hotel and casino.  That part can't be denied but if I am paying a premium to stay at your hotel I don't want woken up at 4:40 by a bellhop in the wrong spot and I also want to be able to cash out my sports bets quickly and easily.I stayed at Aria for 6 nights with my wife. During check out there was a room charge on my bill for $1090 dining on a Sunday night. I told the desk person that was not my charge, there must be some mistake because I was at Mandalay By Casino having dinner with my wife because we trying to catch the Michael Jackson Circus de Sole show after the dinner. I told the front desk person that all the daily room charge did not exceed $200 because we were only 2 people and how can we be at two different location at the same time and how can we rack up a dinner bill over thousand dollar at a not expensive Cherry Bloosom Chinese restaurant in Aria with only 2 people. The Desk manager took it off the bill initially. But charged my card again 2 days later. They said they can't reverse it because someone at Cherry Bloosom checked my ID and I signed for it. Yet they can't even produce a sign copy that was my signature. Manger told me to contact account receivable to get this resolved. They said they can't do anything. This totally ruined my vacation and had to deal with this kind crab service and ridiculous system. I think their staff is teaming up with the restaurant staff to scam money from tourist. By the way. I even showed everything single receipt that I charged to the desk clerk that I ate at Mandalay Bay Casino. The staff ignored me. Super lousy service.Had a pretty bad experience at Aria this weekend...the hotel itself is nice and the rooms are decent...not great. Some stains on the white sheets, the "strip view" was of the roof, and the blackout curtains didn't black out much...ended up buying their sleeping mask package to try and get rest during the day, but it was horribly uncomfortable. The shower/tub area was cool, but the floor is extremely slick, and the shower head spray was pretty uncomfortable...Not too much that I would usually complain about, though. The worst of it began when we ordered room service late one night. Had Caesar salad that tasted like it was from a gas station, ridiculously overpriced (like $18?), and a ham sandwich that I could have gotten at Denny's...$25. The total bill was $90...for 2 sandwiches, a soup and a salad...When I called to let them know how bad it was, they did not care...did not offer to take anything off the bill...the following day we went to a $400 dinner for my boyfriends birthday...we brought home leftovers and contacted the front desk to see if they could be saved and reheated later, and they said of course, brought us a mini fridge (since they didn't have one in the room that we could use). We saved our dinner for later, since we knew we'd be hungry and the room service was so terrible. When we called to request it be reheated, they told us they could not accommodate us. We would have eaten it the night before when it was still warm if we'd known, instead we threw away about $150 of food. They ended up giving us a $40 food credit to use at the hotel. On top of this, I had requested some kind of "romance" package for my boyfriends birthday, (flowers, chocolate, whatever.) They told me they could do rose petals, chocolate strawberries and champagne with some balloons. Cost $200 for shit champagne and some rose petals. The strawberries were decent. Overall the experience was very disappointing...I WILL say that we decided to try breakfast the morning we left, since we had the food credit, and it was great-the woman who brought it was extremely pleasant and the food was delicious, although still extremely overpriced. We will not be staying here again.first night here and so far things haven't been pleasant. check in was good. we got to our room just to drop things off and then we were off. we arrived back to out room around 9 pm. we tried to open the fridge to put our 1 years milk in there but it wouldn't open but it had opened earlier before we left. I call front desk and they told me that somehow the hold on my credit card was accidentally released so I would have to go back down there to the front desk so they can put the card back on file. inconvenience at this time so she offered to send up a fridge which was great. Then as I'm getting ready to put my son down to sleep after hours of being out, I pull the sheets back to find hairs in the bed and dirt marks ( this is the first time pulling the sheets back), Being a registered nurse, this makes me cringe at the thought of poor cleanliness. Again I call front desk and inform them of the situation, they say they will send house keeping to change to the sheets. I ask how long because my son is tired and cranky, he said it would be quick. it's now 1030pm and no one has came to change the sheets. I'm sitting here listening to my toddler cry his head off because he wants to lay down and now is trying to lay on the floor which God knows is how dirty. I'm tired and so far my first night here sucks ass. I usually stay at the Elara and have always had a pleasant experience but my parents are staying here at the Aria so we wanted to be close, but after this I'm not sure I'd come back. we have another night to go so we will see.Terrible service from the front desk staff.  Unfriendly.  Rude.  Slow.  No please and thank you and not a smile.  Very snobby.

Had to check in three times because my room wasn't ready.  Finally got a text at 5:30pm that my room was ready at 5:30pm and the keys didn't work which meant I had to walk back down and wait in line again.  No apologies.

The room, view, and service from others were fine.Just had Xmas eve dinner at Aria...paid $52/person for the worst food we ever had and the horrible service. Thanks Aria for ruining our Xmas eve dinner! Never again!

If you ever wish to go for buffet at Aria, I suggest you go to iHop or any other chain restaurants. At least you will get what you paid for.